_This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit._

# Understanding and addressing socio-economic inequality within the quality and safety of care and clinical outcomes for people living with dementia

## Summary

In the coming years, many more people will develop dementia (severe memory problems which affect day-to-day life). It is recommended that after diagnosis, care for people with dementia should mainly be community based, provided by the primary care team. There are recommendations for care that should be provided, ensuring it is high-quality and safe. These recommendations include an annual review, regular medication reviews, care planning and safe prescribing of medications. Few studies have looked at how recommended primary care processes and key outcomes, vary with socio-economic factors for people with dementia. Those that have, found evidence of inequalities in care and outcomes. The study's aim is to explore how post-diagnosis primary care and important outcomes for people with dementia vary with socio-economic factors and other markers of health disadvantage.

Data from the Greater Manchester Secure Data Environment (GM SDE) containing anonymised records for people with dementia, aged >18 years or older, diagnosed from 2020 onwards for comparative outcome analyses.

We will analyse how 'care processes' (including yearly reviews, carer reviews, care planning, medication prescribing) and 'outcomes' (including emergency hospital admissions, falls, fractures) vary with socio-economic factors. These factors will include the patient's socioeconomic status as measured by the Index of Multiple Deprivation (IMD, which summarises the level of deprivation of where the patients live), as well as other markers of health disadvantage including ethnicity, sex, rural/urban practice location and disabilities.

The results will evidence how care provided and important outcomes for people with dementia vary with the described socio-economic factors. Results will contribute to guidelines

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Methodology](#methodology)
- [Reusable queries](#reusable-queries)
- [Clinical code sets](#clinical-code-sets)

## Introduction

The aim of this document is to provide full transparency for all parts of the data extraction process.
This includes:

- The methodology around how the data extraction process is managed and quality is maintained.
- A full list of all queries used in the extraction, and their associated objectives and assumptions.
- A full list of all clinical codes used for the extraction.

## Methodology

After each proposal is approved, a Research Data Engineer (RDE) works closely with the research team to establish precisely what data they require and in what format.
The RDE has access to the entire de-identified database and so builds up an expertise as to which projects are feasible and how best to extract the relevant data.
The RDE has access to a library of resusable SQL queries for common tasks, and sets of clinical codes for different phenotypes, built up from previous studies.
Prior to data extraction, the code is checked and signed off by another RDE.

## Reusable queries
  
This project required the following reusable queries:

- Create table of patients who were alive at the study start date

Further details for each query can be found below.

### Create table of patients who were alive at the study start date
undefined

_Input_
```
undefined
```

_Output_
```
undefined
```
_File_: `query-get-possible-patients.sql`

_Link_: [https://github.com/rw251/.../query-get-possible-patients.sql](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction/query-get-possible-patients.sql)
## Clinical code sets

This project required the following clinical code sets:

- delirium v1
- fracture v1
- falls v1
- social-care-referral v1
- safeguarding-referral v1
- donepezil v1
- galantamine v1
- rivastigmine v1
- memantine v1
- alimemazine v1
- alprazolam v1
- alverine v1
- atenolol v1
- beclometasone v1
- bupropion v1
- captopril v1
- cimetidine v1
- clorazepate v1
- codeine v1
- colchicine v1
- dextropropoxyphene v1
- diazepam v1
- digoxin v1
- dipyridamole v1
- disopyramide-phosphate v1
- fentanyl v1
- fluvoxamine v1
- furosemide v1
- haloperidol v1
- hydralazine v1
- hydrocortisone v1
- isosorbide v1
- loperamide v1
- metoprolol v1
- morphine v1
- nifedipine v1
- prednisolone v1
- prednisone v1
- quinine v1
- ranitidine v1
- theophylline v1
- timolol v1
- trazodone v1
- triamterene v1
- warfarin v1
- amantadine v1
- belladona v1
- carbamazepine v1
- cyclobenzaprine v1
- cyproheptadine v1
- loxapine v1
- pethidine v1
- levomepromazine v1
- oxcarbazepine v1
- pimozide v1
- amitriptyline v1
- amoxapine v1
- atropine v1
- benztropine v1
- chlorphenamine v1
- chlorpromazine v1
- clemastine v1
- clomipramine v1
- clozapine v1
- darifenacin v1
- desipramine v1
- dicyclomine v1
- diphenhydramine v1
- doxepin v1
- flavoxate v1
- hydroxyzine v1
- imipramine v1
- meclozine v1
- mepyramine v1
- nortriptyline v1
- orphenadrine v1
- oxybutynin v1
- paroxetine v1
- perphenazine v1
- procyclidine v1
- promazine v1
- promethazine v1
- propantheline v1
- scopolamine v1
- solifenacin v1
- tolterodine v1
- trifluoperazine v1
- trihexyphenidyl v1
- trimipramine v1
- trospium v1

Further details for each code set can be found below.

### Delirium 

Code set for patients with a code related to delirium

Developed from https://www.opencodelists.org/codelist/opensafely/symptoms-delirium/73fdec23/#full-list
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, 
we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set.
The prevalence range `%0.20 - 0.26%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

UPDATE:

|    Date    | Practice system |  Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | ----------------| ------------| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| 2023-09-14 | EMIS | 2463856 | 5994 (0.243%) | 5970 (0.242%) | 
| 2023-09-14 | TPP | 200590 | 516 (0.257%) | 516 (0.257%) | 
| 2023-09-14 | Vision | 332095 | 660 (0.199%) | 659 (0.198%) | 
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/delirium/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/delirium/1)

### Fracture

Any code indicating a fracture. Based on read codes from: https://clinicalcodes.rss.mhs.man.ac.uk/medcodes/article/84/codelist/res84-fracture-codes/
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `19.6% - 23.2%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-12-13 | EMIS | 2515618 | 521295 (20.7%) | 521373 (20.7%) | 
| 2023-12-13 | TPP | 201264 | 47617 (23.7%) | 46765 (23.2%) | 
| 2023-12-13 | Vision | 334040 | 65475 (19.6%) | 65482 (19.6%) | 

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/fracture/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/fracture/1)

### Falls

Codes taken from OpenCodelists https://www.opencodelists.org/codelist/opensafely/falls/2020-07-09/#full-list and https://www.opencodelists.org/codelist/nhsd-primary-care-domain-refsets/falls_cod/20200812/#full-list 
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.7% - 2.8%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-10-25 | EMIS            | 2472595    |     54002 (2.2%) |      54015 (2.2%) |
| 2023-10-25 | TPP             | 200603     |      5597 (2.8%) |       5598 (2.8%) |
| 2023-10-25 | Vision          | 332447     |      5537 (1.7%) |       5545 (1.7%) |
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../patient/falls/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/patient/falls/1)

### Social care referral

Codes indicating that patient had a referral to social care services. Data engineers should use this code set via the supplied codes rather than the linked IDs.
Created using getset:

{
  "includeTerms": [
    "social care plan",
    "hospital discharge notification to social care",
    "referral to social services department care manager",
    "signposting to social services",
    "referral to social services"
  ],
  "excludeTerms": [
    "child in need",
    "declined",
	"sending client copy"
  ],
  "terminology": "SNOMED CT",
  "version": "uk_sct2cl_29.3.0_20200610000001",
  "createdOn": "2023-11-30T11:00:13.255Z",
  "lastUpdated": "2023-11-30T11:00:13.255Z"
}

#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `%0.07 - 0.15%` suggests code set is well defined but not used often.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-11-30 | EMIS | 2514435 | 1786 (0.071%) | 1786 (0.071%) | 
| 2023-11-30 | TPP | 201265 | 293 (0.146%) | 293 (0.146%) | 
| 2023-11-30 | Vision | 333774 | 68 (0.0204%) | 68 (0.0204%) | 
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../referrals/social-care-referral/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/referrals/social-care-referral/1)

### safeguarding referral

Codes indicating that patient had a referral to safeguarding services. Created using getset:
{
  "includeTerms": [
    "safeguarding referral",
    "reasons for referral: safeguarding",
    "adult safeguarding",
    "safeguard",
    "safeguarding intervention",
    "safeguarding report"
  ],
  "excludeTerms": [
    "children",
    "adult no longer safeguarding concern",
    "child",
    "sar",
    "missing adult"
  ],
  "terminology": "SNOMED CT",
  "version": "uk_sct2cl_29.3.0_20200610000001",
  "createdOn": "2023-11-30T15:26:28.260Z",
  "lastUpdated": "2023-11-30T15:26:28.260Z"
}

#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `%0.21 - 0.64%` suggests code set is well defined but not used often.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-11-30 | EMIS | 2514435 | 16095 (0.64%) | 15986 (0.636%) | 
| 2023-11-30 | TPP | 201265 | 425 (0.211%) | 424 (0.211%) | 
| 2023-11-30 | Vision | 333774 | 1338 (0.401%) | 1329 (0.398%) | 
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../referrals/safeguarding-referral/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/referrals/safeguarding-referral/1)

### Donepezil

Any prescription of donepezil. Other names: Aricept.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `XXX% - XXX%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-18 | EMIS            | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | TPP             | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | Vision          | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-18

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/donepezil/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/donepezil/1)

### Galantamine

Any prescription of galantamine. Other names: Acumor/Consion/Elmino/Gaalin/Galantex/Galsya/Galzemic/Gatalin/Gazylan/Lotprosin/Luventa/Reminyl/Zeebral.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `XXX% - XXX%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-18 | EMIS            | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | TPP             | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | Vision          | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-18

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/galantamine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/galantamine/1)

### Rivastigmine

Any prescription of rivastigmine. Other names: Almuriva/Alzest/Eluden/Erastig/Exelon/Kerstipon/Nimvastid/Prometax/Rivatev/Somniton/Voleze/Zeyzelf.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `XXX% - XXX%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-18 | EMIS            | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | TPP             | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | Vision          | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-18

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/rivastigmine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/rivastigmine/1)

### Memantine

Any prescription of memantine. Other names: Alzhok/Ebixa/Marixino/Maruxa/Nemdatine/Valios.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `XXX% - XXX%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-18 | EMIS            | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | TPP             | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-18 | Vision          | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-18

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/memantine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/memantine/1)

### Alimemazine

Any prescription of alimemazine. Other names: Alfresed/Itzenal/Trimeprazine/Vallergan.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.5% - 0.6%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   16298 (0.642%) |    16298 (0.642%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     1193 (0.59%) |      1193 (0.59%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    1792 (0.533%) |     1792 (0.533%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/alimemazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/alimemazine/1)

### Alprazolam

Any prescription of alprazolam. Other names: Xanax.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.00% - 0.02%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but not routinely used in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    306 (0.0121%) |     306 (0.0121%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     7 (0.00346%) |      7 (0.00346%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     68 (0.0202%) |      68 (0.0202%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/alprazolam/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/alprazolam/1)

### Alverine

Any prescription of alverine. Other names: Alvercol/Audmonal/Gielism/Relaxyl/Simalvia/Spasmonal.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.6% - 2.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    41399 (1.63%) |     41399 (1.63%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     4836 (2.39%) |      4836 (2.39%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     7431 (2.21%) |      7431 (2.21%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/alverine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/alverine/1)

### Atenolol

Any prescription of atenolol. Other names: Antipressan/Atenix/Beta-adalat/Co-tenidone/Kalten/Tenben/Tenchlor/Tenif/Tenoret/Tenormin/Totamol/Totaretic/Vasaten.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.5% - 3.3%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    62123 (2.45%) |     62123 (2.45%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     6756 (3.34%) |      6756 (3.34%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     9365 (2.78%) |      9365 (2.78%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/atenolol/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/atenolol/1)

### Beclometasone

Category: "steroids".

Any prescription of beclometasone.

This code set has been autogenerated by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `21% - 23%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |      199 (0.01%) |       204 (0.01%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |       19 (0.01%) |        18 (0.01%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |       67 (0.02%) |        67 (0.02%) |
| 2024-08-15 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   527245 (20.8%) |    527245 (20.8%) |
| 2024-08-15 | TPP             | 202124     |    46728 (23.1%) |     46728 (23.1%) |
| 2024-08-15 | Vision          | 336422     |    75695 (22.5%) |     75695 (22.5%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-15

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/beclometasone/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/beclometasone/1)

### Bupropion

Any prescription of Bupropion. Other names: Amfebutamone/Zyban.

This code set also includes the combination drug Naltrexone + Bupropion, also known as Mysimba.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.7% - 1.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-08 | EMIS            | 2516912    |   17901 (0.711%) |    17901 (0.711%) |
| 2024-05-08 | TPP             | 200013     |     2767 (1.38%) |      2767 (1.38%) |
| 2024-05-08 | Vision          | 334384     |    2799 (0.837%) |     2799 (0.837%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-08

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/bupropion/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/bupropion/1)

### Captopril

Any prescription of captopril. Other names: Acepril/Acezide/Capoten/Capozide/Capto-co/Captomex/Co-zidocapt/Ecopace/Hypapril/Hyteneze/Kaplon/Noyada/Tensopril.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.06% - 0.09%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   1633 (0.0644%) |    1633 (0.0644%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |    179 (0.0886%) |     179 (0.0886%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    261 (0.0776%) |     261 (0.0776%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/captopril/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/captopril/1)

### Cimetidine

Any prescription of cimetidine. Other names: Acid-eze/Acitak/Acitak-200/Acitak-400/Acitak-800/Algitec/Cimetidin/Dyspamet/Galenamet/Peptimax/Phimetin/Tagadine/Tagamet/Ultec/Zita.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.1% - 1.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    26785 (1.06%) |     26785 (1.06%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     2173 (1.08%) |      2173 (1.08%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     4596 (1.37%) |      4596 (1.37%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/cimetidine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/cimetidine/1)

### Clorazepate

Any prescription of clorazepate. Other names: Clorazepic/Tranxene.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.00% - 0.02%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but not routinely used in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |      76 (0.003%) |       76 (0.003%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     6 (0.00297%) |      6 (0.00297%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     69 (0.0205%) |      69 (0.0205%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/clorazepate/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/clorazepate/1)

### Codeine

Any prescription of codeine. Includes combination drugs such as co-codamol and co-codaprin. Other names: Bepro/Co-codamol/Co-codaprin/Codipar/Diarrest/Emcozin/Galcodine/Kaodene/Kapake/Medocodene/Paracodol/Solpadol/Tylex/Zapain.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `31% - 38%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-15 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   778838 (30.7%) |    779840 (30.7%) |
| 2024-08-15 | TPP             | 202124     |    63896 (31.6%) |     76229 (37.7%) |
| 2024-08-15 | Vision          | 336422     |   105102 (31.2%) |    105131 (31.2%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-15

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/codeine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/codeine/1)

### Colchicine

Any prescription of colchicine.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `XXX% - XXX%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps more frequently used in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-19 | EMIS            | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-19 | TPP             | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
| 2024-07-19 | Vision          | xxxxxxx    |                  |                   |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-19

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/colchicine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/colchicine/1)

### Dextropropoxyphene

Any prescription of dextropropoxyphene. Other names: Co-proxamol/Distalgesic/Doloxene.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.4% - 3.6%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |     60982 (2.4%) |      60982 (2.4%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     6329 (3.13%) |      6329 (3.13%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    12244 (3.64%) |     12244 (3.64%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/dextropropoxyphene/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/dextropropoxyphene/1)

### Diazepam

Any prescription of diazepam. Other names: Alupram/Atensine/Dialar/Diazemuls/Evacalm/Rimapam/Solis/Stesolid/Tensium/Valclair/Valium.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `8.7% - 10.0%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   220310 (8.68%) |    220310 (8.68%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |      20244 (10%) |       20244 (10%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    30637 (9.11%) |     30637 (9.11%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/diazepam/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/diazepam/1)

### Digoxin

Any prescription of digoxin. Other names: Digamex/Digibind/Digifab/Lanoxin/Lanoxin-pg.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.36% - 0.48%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    9173 (0.362%) |     9173 (0.362%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     972 (0.481%) |      972 (0.481%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    1240 (0.369%) |     1240 (0.369%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/digoxin/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/digoxin/1)

### Dipyridamole

Any prescription of dipyridamole. Other names: Asasantin/Atransipar/Attia/Cerebrovase/Modaplate/Molita/Ofcram/Persantin/Pyridantin/Trolactin/Vasyrol.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.19% - 0.22%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    4745 (0.187%) |     4745 (0.187%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     435 (0.215%) |      435 (0.215%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     675 (0.201%) |      675 (0.201%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/dipyridamole/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/dipyridamole/1)

### Disopyramide phosphate

Any prescription of disopyramide phosphate. Other names: Dirythmin/Isomide/Rythmodan.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.01% - 0.01%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but not used in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   140 (0.00552%) |    140 (0.00552%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     23 (0.0114%) |      23 (0.0114%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     34 (0.0101%) |      34 (0.0101%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/disopyramide-phosphate/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/disopyramide-phosphate/1)

### Fentanyl

Any prescription of fentanyl. Other names: Abstral/Actiq/Breakyl/Bufyl/Cynril/Durogesic/Effentora/Fencino/Fenhuma/Fentalis/Instanyl/Ionsys/Iremia/Matrifen/Mezolar/Mylafent/Opiodur/Osmach/Osmanil/Pecfent/Recivit/Sublimaze/Thalamonal/Tilofyl/Victanyl/Yemex.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.4% - 0.5%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   10495 (0.414%) |    10495 (0.414%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |    1039 (0.514%) |     1039 (0.514%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    1464 (0.435%) |     1464 (0.435%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/fentanyl/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/fentanyl/1)

### Fluvoxamine

Any prescription of fluvoxamine. Other names: Faverin.

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. The prevalence range `0.039% - 0.045%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |    991 (0.0392%) |     991 (0.0392%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     90 (0.0446%) |      90 (0.0446%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    136 (0.0405%) |     136 (0.0405%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/fluvoxamine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/fluvoxamine/1)

### Furosemide

Any prescription of furosemide. Other names: Aluzine/Co-amilofruse/Diumide-k/Diuresal/Dryptal/Froop/Frumax/Frusemide/Frusene/Frusetic/Frusid/Frusol/Lasikal/Lasilactone/Lasipressin/Lasix/Rusyde.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `3.8% - 5.3%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    95912 (3.78%) |     95906 (3.78%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |    10750 (5.32%) |     10723 (5.31%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    13718 (4.08%) |     13713 (4.08%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/furosemide/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/furosemide/1)

### Haloperidol

Any prescription of Haloperidol. Other names:Dozic/Fortunan/Haldol/Halkid/Kentace/Serenace.

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.14% - 0.19%` suggests that this code set is well defined. Though the Vision practices are perhaps slighly on the low side, though this could be due to the small numbers.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     5151 (0.19%) |      5151 (0.19%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      422 (0.20%) |       422 (0.20%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      478 (0.14%) |       478 (0.14%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |    4492 (0.178%) |     4492 (0.178%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |     375 (0.187%) |      375 (0.187%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |     480 (0.144%) |      480 (0.144%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/haloperidol/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/haloperidol/1)

### Hydralazine

Any prescription of hydralazine. Other names: Apresoline.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.03% - 0.03%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    826 (0.0326%) |     826 (0.0326%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     62 (0.0307%) |      62 (0.0307%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     99 (0.0294%) |      99 (0.0294%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/hydralazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/hydralazine/1)

### Hydrocortisone

Category: "steroids".

Any prescription of hydrocortisone. Other names: Alkindi/Colifoam/Cortenema/Cortucid/Dermacort/Dioderm/Efcortelan/Efcortesol/Efmody/Framycort/Gentisone/Gregoderm/Hc45/Hydrocortistab/Hydrocortone/Hydventia/Lanacort/Nystaform/Plenadren/Proctofoam/Proctosedyl/Softacort/Uniroid/Xyloproct/Zenoxone.

This code set has been autogenerated by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3.

Updated with SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `46% - 47%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |     2849 (0.11%) |      3013 (0.11%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |      272 (0.13%) |       314 (0.15%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |      388 (0.11%) |       398 (0.12%) |
| 2024-08-15 | EMIS            | 2537886    |  1160525 (45.7%) |   1160525 (45.7%) |
| 2024-08-15 | TPP             | 202124     |    95548 (47.3%) |     95548 (47.3%) |
| 2024-08-15 | Vision          | 336422     |   157279 (46.8%) |    157293 (46.8%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-15

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/hydrocortisone/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/hydrocortisone/1)

### Isosorbide

Any prescription of isosorbide. Other names: Angeze/Angitak/Angitate/Carmil/Cedocard/Chemydur/Cibral/Dynamin/Elantan/Elantan-10/Elantan-20/Elantan-40/Eumon/Imazin/Imdur/Imo/Imtack/Isib/Ismo/Isocard/Isodur/Isoket/Isordil/Isotard/Isotrate/Jeridin/Ketanodur/Mcr-50/Medomon/Modisal/Monigen/Monit/Monodur/Monomax/Monomil/Monosorb/Nyzamac/Phasonit/Relosorb/Slomon/Soni-slo/Sorbichew/Sorbid-20/Sorbid-40/Sorbitrate/Tardisc/Trangina/Vascardin/Zemon/Ziotan.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.1% - 1.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |     27918 (1.1%) |      27918 (1.1%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     2756 (1.36%) |      2756 (1.36%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     3866 (1.15%) |      3866 (1.15%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/isosorbide/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/isosorbide/1)

### Loperamide

Any prescription of loperamide. Other names: Arret/Diah-limit/Diaquitte/Diareze/Diasorb/Diocalm/Diocaps/Dioraleze/Entrocalm/Imodium/Lodiar/Loperagen/Loritax/Norimode/Normaloe.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `4.3% - 5.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   107934 (4.25%) |    107934 (4.25%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |    10845 (5.37%) |     10845 (5.37%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    15070 (4.48%) |     15070 (4.48%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/loperamide/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/loperamide/1)

### Metoprolol

Any prescription of metoprolol. Other names: Arbralene/Betaloc/Lopresor/Mepranix/Metoros/Tensomex.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.1% - 0.1%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    3670 (0.145%) |     3670 (0.145%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     196 (0.097%) |      196 (0.097%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     474 (0.141%) |      474 (0.141%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/metoprolol/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/metoprolol/1)

### Morphine

Any prescription of morphine. Other names: Actimorph/Cyclimorph/Dropizol/Filnarine/Morcap/Morphgesic/MST Coninuous/MXL/Oramorph/Rhotard/Sevredol/Zomorph.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.2% - 2.9%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-15 | EMIS            | 2537886    |     55917 (2.2%) |      55917 (2.2%) |
| 2024-08-15 | TPP             | 202124     |     5793 (2.87%) |      5793 (2.87%) |
| 2024-08-15 | Vision          | 336422     |     8116 (2.41%) |      8116 (2.41%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-15

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/morphine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/morphine/1)

### Nifedipine

Any prescription of nifedipine. Other names: Adalat/Adalat-ic/Adanif/Adipine/Angiopine/Calanif/Calchan/Calcilat/Calcipine/Cardilate/Combitens/Coracten/Coroday/Dexipress/Fortipine/Genalat/Hypolar/Kentipine/Neozipine/Nidef/Nifedipin-ratiopharm/Nifedipress/Nifedotard/Nifelease/Nifensar/Nifopress/Nimodrel/Nivaten/Slofedipine/Tenif/Tensipine/Unipine/Valni/Vasad.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.2% - 1.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    30296 (1.19%) |     30296 (1.19%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     2900 (1.43%) |      2900 (1.43%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     4121 (1.23%) |      4121 (1.23%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/nifedipine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/nifedipine/1)

### Prednisolone

Category: "steroids".

Any prescription of prednisolone. Other names: Codelsol/Codelson/Deltacortril/Deltastab/Dilacort/Pevanti/Precortisyl/Predenema/Predfoam/Prednesol/Predsol/Sintisone.

This code set has been autogenerated by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3.

Updated from new SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `19% - 22%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |   345343 (13.0%) |    365422 (13.7%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |    33546 (15.8%) |     34009 (16.0%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |    52939 (15.4%) |     55299 (16.1%) |
| 2024-08-15 | EMIS            | 2537886    |     482206 (19%) |      482206 (19%) |
| 2024-08-15 | TPP             | 202124     |    38923 (19.3%) |     38923 (19.3%) |
| 2024-08-15 | Vision          | 336422     |    74961 (22.3%) |     74961 (22.3%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-15

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/prednisolone/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/prednisolone/1)

### Oral prednisone

Any prescription of oral prednisone. Other names: Decortin/Decortisyl/Econosone/Lodotra.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.004% - 0.04%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but is not routinely prescribed in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2021-03-31 | EMIS            | 2604007    |     435 (0.017%) |      435 (0.017%) |
| 2021-03-31 | TPP             | 210535     |      73 (0.035%) |       73 (0.035%) |
| 2021-03-31 | Vision          | 333730     |     213 (0.064%) |      213 (0.064%) |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    109 (0.0043%) |     109 (0.0043%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     71 (0.0351%) |      71 (0.0351%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    22 (0.00654%) |     22 (0.00654%) |

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/prednisone/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/prednisone/1)

### Quinine

Any prescription of quinine. Other names: .

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.8% - 2.2%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    46419 (1.83%) |     46419 (1.83%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     4472 (2.21%) |      4472 (2.21%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     6217 (1.85%) |      6217 (1.85%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/quinine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/quinine/1)

### Ranitidine

Any prescription of ranitidine. Other names: Gavilast/Gavilast-p/Histac/Pylorid/Raciran/Ranicalm/Ranitic/Ranitil/Rantec/Ranzac/Vivatak/Zaedoc/Zantac.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `5.5% - 5.6%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   139001 (5.48%) |    139001 (5.48%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |    11273 (5.58%) |     11273 (5.58%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    18638 (5.54%) |     18638 (5.54%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/ranitidine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/ranitidine/1)

### Theophylline

Any prescription of theophylline. Other names: Biophylline/Franol/Labophylline/Lasma/Nuelin/Pro-vent/Slo-phyllin/Theo-24/Theo-dur/Theograd/Uniphyllin.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.3% - 0.5%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    7564 (0.298%) |     7564 (0.298%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     920 (0.455%) |      920 (0.455%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |    1235 (0.367%) |     1235 (0.367%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/theophylline/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/theophylline/1)

### Timolol

Any prescription of timolol. Other names: Betim/Blocadren.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.7% - 0.8%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   17466 (0.688%) |    17466 (0.688%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |    1529 (0.757%) |     1529 (0.757%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     2219 (0.66%) |      2219 (0.66%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/timolol/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/timolol/1)

### Trazodone

Any prescription of trazodone. Other names: Molipaxin.

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. The prevalence range `0.7% - 1.2%` suggests this is well defined, but with TPP practices having an elevated level of prescribing in this area.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |   19406 (0.767%) |    19406 (0.767%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     2327 (1.15%) |      2327 (1.15%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    2261 (0.674%) |     2261 (0.674%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/trazodone/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/trazodone/1)

### Triamterene

Any prescription of triamterene. Other names: Co-triamterzide/Dyazide/Dytac/Dytide/Frusene/Kalspare/Triam-co/Triamaxco.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.04% - 0.11%` suggests that this code set is not well defined, but the numbers are very small so perhaps just not routinely prescribed in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |   1709 (0.0674%) |    1709 (0.0674%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     74 (0.0366%) |      74 (0.0366%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     377 (0.112%) |      377 (0.112%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/triamterene/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/triamterene/1)

### Warfarin

Any prescription of warfarin. Other names: Coumadin/Marevan.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.1% - 1.4%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-09 | EMIS            | 2536869    |    26640 (1.05%) |     26640 (1.05%) |
| 2024-08-09 | TPP             | 202109     |     2749 (1.36%) |      2749 (1.36%) |
| 2024-08-09 | Vision          | 336361     |     3856 (1.15%) |      3856 (1.15%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-09

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/warfarin/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/warfarin/1)

### Amantadine

Any prescription of amantadine. Other names: Amantidine/Lysovir/Mantadine/Symmetrel.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.06% - 0.08%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   1412 (0.0556%) |    1412 (0.0556%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    158 (0.0782%) |     158 (0.0782%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     249 (0.074%) |      249 (0.074%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/amantadine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/amantadine/1)

### Belladonna

Any prescription of belladonna.

NB. This is just for belladonna e.g. belladonna tincture, and does not include belladonna alkaloids such as atropine.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0 - 0%` means that this is never prescribed in UK primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-14

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/belladona/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/belladona/1)

### Carbamazepine

Category: "mood-stabilizers".

Any prescription of carbamazepine. Other names include: Arbil/Carbagen/Curatil/Epimaz/Teril Retard/Tegretol/Timonil.

This code set has been autogenerated by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Finally the SNOMED hierarchy was searched to find any descendants of matched codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.94% - 1.13%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |    23498 (0.88%) |     24641 (0.92%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |     2282 (1.07%) |      2442 (1.15%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |     3520 (1.03%) |      3617 (1.05%) |
| 2024-05-02 | EMIS            | 2530927    |   23826 (0.941%) |    23826 (0.941%) |
| 2024-05-02 | TPP             | 201816     |     2256 (1.12%) |      2256 (1.12%) |
| 2024-05-02 | Vision          | 335411     |     3793 (1.13%) |      3793 (1.13%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-02

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/carbamazepine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/carbamazepine/1)

### Cyclobenzaprine

Any prescription of cyclobenzaprine. As of 2024, this drug is not available in the UK.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0% - 0%` suggests that this code set is not used in uk primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/cyclobenzaprine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/cyclobenzaprine/1)

### Cyproheptadine

Any prescription of cyproheptadine. Other names: Periactin.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.4% - 0.7%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   1793 (0.0706%) |    1793 (0.0706%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     70 (0.0346%) |      70 (0.0346%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    152 (0.0452%) |     152 (0.0452%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/cyproheptadine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/cyproheptadine/1)

### Loxapine

Any prescription of Loxapine. Other names: Adasuve/Loxapac

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.0006% - 0.0015%` suggests that this drug is not prescribed in UK primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     15 (0.0006%) |      15 (0.0006%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      3 (0.0014%) |       3 (0.0014%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      5 (0.0015%) |       5 (0.0015%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |   13 (0.000517%) |    13 (0.000517%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |       2 (0.001%) |        2 (0.001%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |     8 (0.00239%) |      8 (0.00239%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/loxapine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/loxapine/1)

### Pethidine

Any prescription of pethidine. Other names: Meperidine/Operidine/Pamergan/Pethilorfan/Phenoperidine.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.03% - 0.07%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but perhaps with a reduced frequency in the TPP practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   1686 (0.0664%) |    1686 (0.0664%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     65 (0.0322%) |      65 (0.0322%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    221 (0.0657%) |     221 (0.0657%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/pethidine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/pethidine/1)

### Levomepromazine

Any prescription of Levomepromazine. Other names: Levinan/Levorol/Methotrimeprazine/Nozinan/Veractil

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.08% - 0.12%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     1920 (0.07%) |      1920 (0.07%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      269 (0.13%) |       269 (0.13%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      314 (0.09%) |       314 (0.09%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |    1964 (0.078%) |     1964 (0.078%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |     248 (0.124%) |      248 (0.124%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |    297 (0.0888%) |     297 (0.0888%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/levomepromazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/levomepromazine/1)

### Oxcarbazepine

Any prescription of oxcarbazepine. Other names: Trileptal.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.03% - 0.05%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    866 (0.0341%) |     866 (0.0341%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    104 (0.0515%) |     104 (0.0515%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    112 (0.0333%) |     112 (0.0333%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/oxcarbazepine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/oxcarbazepine/1)

### Pimozide

Any prescription of Pimozide. Other names: Orap

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.005% - 0.013%` is possibly not sufficiently narrow to guarantee that this code set is well defined. However this is likely due to the very small numbers, which also suggest that this is not used in UK general practice.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     108 (0.004%) |      108 (0.004%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      12 (0.006%) |       12 (0.006%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      33 (0.010%) |       33 (0.010%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |     83 (0.0033%) |      83 (0.0033%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |      10 (0.005%) |       10 (0.005%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |     44 (0.0132%) |      44 (0.0132%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/pimozide/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/pimozide/1)

### Amitriptyline

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of amitriptyline. Other names: Domical/Elavil/Lentizol/Limbitrol/Triptafen/Tryptizol.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `12.6% - 15.5%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |   298158 (11.2%) |    310707 (11.7%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |    30661 (14.4%) |     31657 (14.9%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |    40318 (11.7%) |     41443 (12.1%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |   319521 (12.6%) |    319521 (12.6%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |    31374 (15.5%) |     31374 (15.5%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    43941 (13.1%) |     43941 (13.1%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/amitriptyline/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/amitriptyline/1)

### Amoxapine

Any prescription of amoxapine. Other names: Asendis/Defanyl.

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. The prevalence range `0.0% - 0.002%` suggests this medication is not used in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |    42 (0.00166%) |     42 (0.00166%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     5 (0.00248%) |      5 (0.00248%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    3 (0.000894%) |     3 (0.000894%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/amoxapine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/amoxapine/1)

### Atropine

Any prescription of atropine. Other names: Eumydrin/Mydricaine.

Also include the combination drug co-phenotrope. Other names: Diarphen/Dymotil/Lofenoxal/Lomotil/Tropergen.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.53% - 0.89%` suggests that this is reasonably well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   15456 (0.609%) |    15456 (0.609%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    1802 (0.892%) |     1802 (0.892%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     1783 (0.53%) |      1783 (0.53%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/atropine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/atropine/1)

### Benztropine

Any prescription of benztropine. Other names: Benzatropine/Cogentin.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.003% - 0.005%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but not used in uk primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   128 (0.00504%) |    128 (0.00504%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     7 (0.00346%) |      7 (0.00346%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    12 (0.00357%) |     12 (0.00357%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/benztropine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/benztropine/1)


LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/chlorphenamine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/chlorphenamine/1)

### Chlorpromazine

Any prescription of Chlorpromazine. Other names: Chloractil/Chlorazin/Dozine/Largactil.

Dozine is included as it appears as a descendant of Chlorpromazine Hydrocholride in the Readv2 and CTV3 dictionaries. However, it has been discontinued for so long that it does not appear online and so is not currently verified as a source of Chlorpromazine.

This code set does not include Chlorpromazine in forms exclusively used to combat nausea, or for use in anaesthesia.

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.20% - 0.29%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     7808 (0.29%) |      7808 (0.29%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      653 (0.31%) |       653 (0.31%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      619 (0.18%) |       619 (0.18%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |    6724 (0.267%) |     6724 (0.267%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |     578 (0.289%) |      578 (0.289%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |     659 (0.197%) |      659 (0.197%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/chlorpromazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/chlorpromazine/1)

### Clemastine

Any prescription of clemastine. Other names: Tavegil.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.04% - 1.5%` suggests that this code set is not well defined. However closer analysis shows that the relatively high number of prescriptions from Vision practices occurred prior to 2010. When filtering to just prescriptions since 2010 we find a prevalence range of `0.002% - 0.008%` suggesting well defined but not prescribed any more in uk primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   2366 (0.0932%) |    2366 (0.0932%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     71 (0.0351%) |      71 (0.0351%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     4964 (1.48%) |      4964 (1.48%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/clemastine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/clemastine/1)

### Clomipramine

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of clomipramine. Other names: Anafranil/Tranquax.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.25% - 0.42%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |     6265 (0.24%) |      6570 (0.25%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |      575 (0.27%) |       594 (0.28%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |     1323 (0.39%) |      1350 (0.39%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |    6209 (0.245%) |     6209 (0.245%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     527 (0.261%) |      527 (0.261%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    1416 (0.422%) |     1416 (0.422%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/clomipramine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/clomipramine/1)

### Clozapine

Any prescription of Clozapine. Other names: Clozaril/Denzapine/Zaponex.

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.03% - 0.06%` is possibly not sufficiently narrow to guarantee that this code set is well defined. However this is likely because of the small numbers involved.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     1580 (0.06%) |      1580 (0.06%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |       68 (0.03%) |        68 (0.03%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      135 (0.04%) |       135 (0.04%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |   1614 (0.0641%) |    1614 (0.0641%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |     69 (0.0345%) |      69 (0.0345%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |    153 (0.0458%) |     153 (0.0458%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/clozapine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/clozapine/1)

### Darifenacin

Any prescription of darifenacin. Other names: Emselex.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.08% - 0.4%` suggests that this code set is not well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    3589 (0.141%) |     3589 (0.141%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     874 (0.432%) |      874 (0.432%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    282 (0.0838%) |     282 (0.0838%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/darifenacin/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/darifenacin/1)

### Desipramine

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of desipramine. Other names: Pertofran.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0% - 0%` suggests that this drug is never used in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |           0 (0%) |            0 (0%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/desipramine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/desipramine/1)

### Dicyclomine

Any prescription of dicyclomine. Other names: Dicycloverine/Kolanticon/Kolantyl/Merbentyl.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.7% - 2.2%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |     43037 (1.7%) |      43037 (1.7%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |      4444 (2.2%) |       4444 (2.2%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     6282 (1.87%) |      6282 (1.87%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/dicyclomine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/dicyclomine/1)

### Diphenhydramine

Any prescription of diphenhydramine. Other names: Dreemon/Histergan/Mandalyn/Nightcalm/Paxidorm.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.13% - 0.19%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    4700 (0.185%) |     4700 (0.185%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     252 (0.125%) |      252 (0.125%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     496 (0.147%) |      496 (0.147%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/diphenhydramine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/diphenhydramine/1)

### Doxepin

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of doxepin. Other names: Sinepin/Sinequan.

Does not include doxepin cream (aka Xepin).

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.06% - 0.14%` suggests that this code set is well defined for EMIS and Vision, but with a higher prevalence coming from TPP practices.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |     1542 (0.06%) |      1596 (0.06%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |      315 (0.15%) |       317 (0.15%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |      163 (0.05%) |       167 (0.05%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |   1507 (0.0595%) |    1507 (0.0595%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     279 (0.138%) |      279 (0.138%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    195 (0.0581%) |     195 (0.0581%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/doxepin/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/doxepin/1)

### Flavoxate

Any prescription of flavoxate. Other names: Urispas.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.05% - 0.06%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   1351 (0.0532%) |    1351 (0.0532%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    115 (0.0569%) |     115 (0.0569%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    211 (0.0627%) |     211 (0.0627%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/flavoxate/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/flavoxate/1)

### Hydroxyzine

Any prescription of hydroxyzine. Other names: Atarax/Ucerax.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.6% - 2.0%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    40888 (1.61%) |     40888 (1.61%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     3410 (1.69%) |      3410 (1.69%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     6755 (2.01%) |      6755 (2.01%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/hydroxyzine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/hydroxyzine/1)

### Imipramine

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of imipramine. Other names: Praminil/Tofranil.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.16% - 0.31%` suggests that this code set is either not well defined, or the prevalence of prescription varies according to practice.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |     6575 (0.25%) |      6920 (0.26%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |      346 (0.16%) |       357 (0.17%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |      907 (0.26%) |       958 (0.28%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |    6422 (0.254%) |     6422 (0.254%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |      323 (0.16%) |       323 (0.16%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |    1050 (0.313%) |     1050 (0.313%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/imipramine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/imipramine/1)

### Meclozine

Any prescription of meclozine. Other names: Ancoloxin/Meclizine/Sea-legs/Traveleeze.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.00% - 0.00%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but not used in uk primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    29 (0.00114%) |     29 (0.00114%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    2 (0.000989%) |     2 (0.000989%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     6 (0.00178%) |      6 (0.00178%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/meclozine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/meclozine/1)

### Mepyramine

Any prescription of mepyramine. Other names: Pyrilamine.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.086% - 0.088%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   2177 (0.0858%) |    2177 (0.0858%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    177 (0.0876%) |     177 (0.0876%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    294 (0.0874%) |     294 (0.0874%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/mepyramine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/mepyramine/1)

### Nortriptyline

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of nortriptyline. Other names: Allegron/Aventyl/Motipress/Motival

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.3% - 1.5%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |    35576 (1.34%) |     36747 (1.38%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |     2390 (1.12%) |      2481 (1.17%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |     3882 (1.13%) |      3960 (1.15%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |    38820 (1.53%) |     38820 (1.53%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     2552 (1.26%) |      2552 (1.26%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |     4519 (1.35%) |      4519 (1.35%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/nortriptyline/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/nortriptyline/1)

### Orphenadrine

Any prescription of orphenadrine. Other names: Biorphen/Disipal/Lysantin/Norflex.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.01% - 0.02%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    332 (0.0131%) |     332 (0.0131%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     38 (0.0188%) |      38 (0.0188%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     44 (0.0131%) |      44 (0.0131%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/orphenadrine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/orphenadrine/1)

### Oxybutynin

Any prescription of oxybutynin. Other names: Contimin/Cystrin/Ditropan/Kentera/Lyrinel/Promictuline/Urimin.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.8% - 2.2%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    44465 (1.75%) |     44465 (1.75%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     4183 (2.07%) |      4183 (2.07%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     7301 (2.17%) |      7301 (2.17%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/oxybutynin/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/oxybutynin/1)

### Paroxetine

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of paroxetine (Other names: Seroxat).

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.1% - 2.3%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |    51795 (1.94%) |     54087 (2.03%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |     4481 (2.10%) |      4654 (2.19%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |     6228 (1.81%) |      6455 (1.88%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |    51777 (2.05%) |     51777 (2.05%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     4320 (2.14%) |      4320 (2.14%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |     7674 (2.29%) |      7674 (2.29%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/paroxetine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/paroxetine/1)

### Perphenazine

Any prescription of Perphenazine. Other names: Fentazin/Triptafen

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.04% - 0.08%` is possibly not sufficiently narrow to guarantee that this code set is well defined. However, this may be due to the small numbers involved.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     2336 (0.09%) |      2336 (0.09%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      113 (0.05%) |       113 (0.05%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |       99 (0.03%) |        99 (0.03%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |   1916 (0.0761%) |    1916 (0.0761%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |    109 (0.0545%) |     109 (0.0545%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |    122 (0.0365%) |     122 (0.0365%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/perphenazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/perphenazine/1)

### Procyclidine

Any prescription of procyclidine. Other names: Arpicolin/Kemadrin/Muscinil.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.29% - 0.30%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    7382 (0.291%) |     7382 (0.291%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     603 (0.298%) |      603 (0.298%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     966 (0.287%) |      966 (0.287%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/procyclidine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/procyclidine/1)

### Promazine

Any prescription of Promazine. Other names: Prazine/Sparine

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.78% - 1.46%` suggests that this code set may not be well defined. EMIS practices have a much reduced prevalence.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |   19727 (0.784%) |    19727 (0.784%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |     2704 (1.35%) |      2704 (1.35%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |     4878 (1.46%) |      4878 (1.46%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/promazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/promazine/1)

### Promethazine

Category: "antihistamines".

Any prescription of promethazine.

This code set has been autogenerated by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `4% - 6%` suggests that this code set is not well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |    78620 (2.95%) |     84079 (3.16%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |     5828 (2.74%) |      5937 (2.79%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |    15077 (4.39%) |     15977 (4.66%) |
| 2024-08-15 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   108667 (4.28%) |    108667 (4.28%) |
| 2024-08-15 | TPP             | 202124     |     7230 (3.58%) |      7230 (3.58%) |
| 2024-08-15 | Vision          | 336422     |    20401 (6.06%) |     20401 (6.06%) |
### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-15

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/promethazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/promethazine/1)

### Propantheline

Any prescription of propantheline. Other names: Pro-banthine.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.14% - 0.17%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    3825 (0.151%) |     3825 (0.151%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     291 (0.144%) |      291 (0.144%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     562 (0.167%) |      562 (0.167%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/propantheline/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/propantheline/1)

### Scopolamine

Any prescription of scopolamine. Other names: Buscopan/Hyoscine/Joy-rides/Kwells/Scopoderm.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `6.6% - 8.8%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   181793 (7.16%) |    181793 (7.16%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    17772 (8.79%) |     17772 (8.79%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    22129 (6.58%) |     22129 (6.58%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/scopolamine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/scopolamine/1)

### Solifenacin

Any prescription of solifenacin. Other names: Giraxine/Vecit/Vesicare/Vesomni.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.4% - 2.0%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    38688 (1.52%) |     38688 (1.52%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     4009 (1.98%) |      4009 (1.98%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |     4735 (1.41%) |      4735 (1.41%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/solifenacin/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/solifenacin/1)

### Tolterodine

Any prescription of tolterodine. Other names: Blerone/Detrusitol/Efflosomyl/Inconex/Mariosea/Neditol/Preblacon/Santizor/Tolterma/Tolthen.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.7% - 1.7%` suggests that this code set is perhaps not well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |    21816 (0.86%) |     21816 (0.86%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     3394 (1.68%) |      3394 (1.68%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    2510 (0.746%) |     2510 (0.746%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/tolterodine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/tolterodine/1)

### Trifluoperazine

Any prescription of Trifluoperazine. Other names: Parstelin/Stelazine/Terrazine

Code set created by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.08% - 0.14%` is possibly not sufficiently narrow to guarantee that this code set is well defined. Alternatively there is lower prevalence of prescribing these drugs in TPP practices.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-03-24 | EMIS            | 2658708    |     4260 (0.16%) |      4260 (0.16%) |
| 2022-03-24 | TPP             | 212645     |      189 (0.09%) |       189 (0.09%) |
| 2022-03-24 | Vision          | 341667     |      361 (0.11%) |       361 (0.11%) |
| 2024-05-07 | EMIS            | 2516912    |    3621 (0.144%) |     3621 (0.144%) |
| 2024-05-07 | TPP             | 200013     |    167 (0.0835%) |     167 (0.0835%) |
| 2024-05-07 | Vision          | 334384     |     450 (0.135%) |      450 (0.135%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/trifluoperazine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/trifluoperazine/1)

### Trihexyphenidyl

Any prescription of trihexyphenidyl. Other names: Agitane/Artane/Bentex/Benzhexol/Broflex.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.05% - 0.06%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   1247 (0.0491%) |    1247 (0.0491%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |     96 (0.0475%) |      96 (0.0475%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    215 (0.0639%) |     215 (0.0639%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/trihexyphenidyl/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/trihexyphenidyl/1)

### Trimipramine

Category: "antidepressants".

Any prescription of trimipramine. Other names: Surmontil.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.06% - 0.25%` suggests that this code set is not well defined, or is prescribed more frequenly in the Vision practices in GM.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |     1794 (0.07%) |      1879 (0.07%) |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |      120 (0.06%) |       122 (0.06%) |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |      785 (0.23%) |       808 (0.24%) |
| 2024-05-01 | EMIS            | 2530927    |   1700 (0.0672%) |    1700 (0.0672%) |
| 2024-05-01 | TPP             | 201816     |     115 (0.057%) |      115 (0.057%) |
| 2024-05-01 | Vision          | 335411     |     847 (0.253%) |      847 (0.253%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-05-01

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/trimipramine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/trimipramine/1)

### Trospium

Any prescription of trospium. Other names: Flotros/Regurin/Uraplex.

Code set created from SNOMED searches and then mapped to Read v2, CTV3 and EMIS.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.48% - 0.57%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-08-14 | EMIS            | 2537886    |   14297 (0.563%) |    14297 (0.563%) |
| 2024-08-14 | TPP             | 202124     |    1142 (0.565%) |     1142 (0.565%) |
| 2024-08-14 | Vision          | 336422     |    1609 (0.478%) |     1609 (0.478%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-08-13

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/trospium/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/trospium/1)
# Clinical code sets

All code sets required for this analysis are available here: [https://github.com/rw251/.../SDE Lighthouse 03 - Kontopantelis/clinical-code-sets.csv](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/projects/SDE%20Lighthouse%2003%20-%20Kontopantelis/clinical-code-sets.csv). Individual lists for each concept can also be found by using the links above.