_This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit._

# Investigating the relationship between HRT prescribing and health care utilisation

## Summary

In recent times, and at long last, there's been a lot of discussion in the media about women's health, especially about peri-menopause and menopause. However, there's been little research into how this is affecting the overall healthcare system. Particularly, there hasn’t been much study on the big shift in the use of Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) among women, which seems to have been sparked by well-known celebrities like Davina McCall talking about it. We're planning to thoroughly explore how this trend is impacting healthcare in Greater Manchester, looking at both primary care (like visits to the GP) and secondary care (like hospital treatments). We'll be paying special attention to how this varies across different communities in Greater Manchester, as they might have different views on menopause and HRT.

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Methodology](#methodology)
- [Reusable queries](#reusable-queries)
- [Clinical code sets](#clinical-code-sets)

## Introduction

The aim of this document is to provide full transparency for all parts of the data extraction process.
This includes:

- The methodology around how the data extraction process is managed and quality is maintained.
- A full list of all queries used in the extraction, and their associated objectives and assumptions.
- A full list of all clinical codes used for the extraction.

## Methodology

After each proposal is approved, a Research Data Engineer (RDE) works closely with the research team to establish precisely what data they require and in what format.
The RDE has access to the entire de-identified database and so builds up an expertise as to which projects are feasible and how best to extract the relevant data.
The RDE has access to a library of resusable SQL queries for common tasks, and sets of clinical codes for different phenotypes, built up from previous studies.
Prior to data extraction, the code is checked and signed off by another RDE.

## Reusable queries
  
This project did not require any reusable queries from the local library [https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable queries for data extraction](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction).## Clinical code sets

This project required the following clinical code sets:

- hormone-replacement-therapy-meds v1

Further details for each code set can be found below.

### Hormone replacement therapy medications

This code set was created from BNF codes starting with 060401. A mapping from prod codes to BNF was used.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `9.73% - 12.27%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-06-28 | EMIS            | 2664831    |   259198 (9.73%) |  269103 (10.10%)  |
| 2022-06-28 | TPP             | 212907     |   26115 (12.27%) |    20152 (9.47%)  |
| 2022-06-28 | Vision          | 343146     |   34874 (10.16%) |    33414 (9.74%)  |
| 2024-04-29 | EMIS | 2530242 | 285100 (11.3%) | 192696 (7.62%) | 
| 2024-04-29 | TPP | 201774 | 27026 (13.4%) | 26559 (13.2%) | 
| 2024-04-29 | Vision | 335373 | 40709 (12.1%) | 28150 (8.39%) | 
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/hormone-replacement-therapy-meds/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/hormone-replacement-therapy-meds/1)
# Clinical code sets

All code sets required for this analysis are available here: [https://github.com/rw251/.../SDE Lighthouse 09 - Thompson/clinical-code-sets.csv](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/projects/SDE%20Lighthouse%2009%20-%20Thompson/clinical-code-sets.csv). Individual lists for each concept can also be found by using the links above.