a23n.	GAVISCON-250 tablets
a23f.	*GAVISCON infant oral powder
a24z.	PEPTAC peppermint liquid
a23v.	GAVISCON ADVANCE s/f susp
a23A.	GAVISCON ADVANCE peppmint susp
a83y.	LOPERAMIDE HCL 2mg capsules
a4d2.	SPASMONAL 60mg capsules
aa3T.	MEZAVANT XL 1200mg m/r tablets
aj1a.	PROCTOSEDYL ointment 30g
a24t.	PEPTAC liquid
a62w.	RANITIDINE 150mg tablets
a4dz.	ALVERINE CITRATE 60mg capsules
a4ex.	MEBEVERINE HCL 135mg tablets
ab21.	FYBOGEL 3.5g plain s/f grans
a6b1.	OMEPRAZOLE 20mg e/c capsules
ac7v.	SENNA 7.5mg/5mL s/f syrup
aj1c.	SCHERIPROCT ointment 30g
a47y.	HYOSCINE BUTYLBROMIDE 10mg tab
a6b5.	OMEPRAZOLE 40mg e/c capsules
a4ev.	MEBEVERINE HCL 200mg m/r caps
a681.	FAMOTIDINE 20mg tablets
bd11.	PROPRANOLOL 10mg tablets
a6b7.	OMEPRAZOLE 10mg e/c capsules
ae4b.	MOVICOL PLAIN 13.7g/sachet pdr
aj1t.	XYLOPROCT ointment 20g
a62y.	RANITIDINE 300mg tablets
a6c2.	LANSOPRAZOLE 30mg capsules
a6bv.	OMEPRAZOLE 20mg e/c tablets
a6hz.	ESOMEPRAZOLE 20mg tablets
bd12.	PROPRANOLOL 40mg tablets
ac71.	SENNA 7.5mg tablets
b111.	DIGOXIN 62.5micrograms tablets
b211.	BENDROFLUMETHIAZIDE 2.5mg tabs
a6hu.	ESOMEPRAZOLE 40mg g/r capsules
a6c8.	LANSOPRAZOLE 30mg disp tabs
a6c3.	LANSOPRAZOLE 15mg capsules
a83w.	LOPERAMIDE HCL 2mg disp tabs
bd3j.	ATENOLOL 25mg tablets
ae49.	MOVICOL PAED PLAIN 6.9g/sachet
bd1y.	PROPRANOLOL 80mg m/r capsules
bb3n.	UNIVER 240mg m/r capsules x28
ac11.	BISACODYL 5mg tablets
a6c9.	ZOTON FASTAB 15mg disp tabs
a6e5.	PANTOPRAZOLE 20mg e/c tablets
aa31.	ASACOL 400mg tablets
bd6x.	METOPROLOL 50mg tablets
af11.	BISACODYL 10mg suppositories
bd35.	ATENOLOL 50mg tablets
bd52.	LABETALOL 200mg tablets
ac59.	DOCUSATE SODIUM 100mg capsules
a6hv.	ESOMEPRAZOLE 20mg g/r capsules
af15.	GLYCEROL 4g supps (adult)
ac84.	DULCO-LAX 5mg/5mL liquid
bdfx.	BISOPROLOL FUMARATE 2.5mg tabs
b28z.	INDAPAMIDE 2.5mg tablets
bdl5.	CARVEDILOL 3.125mg tablets
bdfw.	BISOPROLOL FUMARAT 1.25mg tabs
b312.	FUROSEMIDE 40mg tablets
a6hy.	ESOMEPRAZOLE 40mg tablets
bd1x.	PROPRANOLOL 160mg m/r capsules
ae11.	LACTULOSE 3.35g/5mL solution
bh62.	DOXAZOSIN 2mg tablets
bD1y.	RANOLAZINE 500mg m/r tablets
bh63.	DOXAZOSIN 4mg tablets
bi57.	PERINDOPRIL ERBUMINE 8mg tabs
b45z.	EPLERENONE 25mg tablets
b212.	BENDROFLUMETHIAZIDE 5mg tablet
bh6y.	DOXAZOSIN 8mg m/r tablets
b112.	DIGOXIN 125microgram tablets
bk32.	LOSARTAN POTASSIUM 50mg tabs
bdf1.	BISOPROLOL FUMARATE 5mg tabs
bi32.	LISINOPRIL 5mg tablets
bk72.	CANDESARTAN CILEXETIL 4mg tabs
bdfy.	BISOPROLOL FUMARAT 3.75mg tabs
b311.	FUROSEMIDE 20mg tablets
bi52.	PERINDOPRIL ERBUMINE 4mg tabs
bd6w.	METOPROLOL 100mg tablets
bk37.	LOSARTAN POTASSIUM 100mg tabs
bdl4.	CARVEDILOL 25mg tablets
bi67.	RAMIPRIL 10mg capsules
blb2.	AMLODIPINE 10mg tablets
bdfz.	BISOPROLOL FUMARATE 7.5mg tabs
b32u.	BUMETANIDE 1mg tablets
bi62.	RAMIPRIL 2.5mg capsules
bf41.	MOXONIDINE 200micrograms tabs
bl3d.	ISOSORBIDE MONO 50mg m/r caps
bdmy.	NEBIVOLOL 2.5mg tablets
bk71.	CANDESARTAN CILEXETIL 2mg tabs
blc2.	FELODIPINE 10mg m/r tablets
bdmz.	NEBIVOLOL 5mg tablets
bb1x.	AMIODARONE HCL 100mg tablets
bi63.	RAMIPRIL 5mg capsules
bk41.	VALSARTAN 40mg capsules
bl5I.	ADIZEM-XL 240mg m/r capsules
bh61.	DOXAZOSIN 1mg tablets
blh1.	LERCANIDIPINE HCL 10mg tablets
bs74.	APIXABAN 5mg tablets
bi6C.	RAMIPRIL 2.5mg tablets
bb3k.	SECURON SR 240mg m/r tabs 28CP
bi6D.	RAMIPRIL 5mg tablets
bkL2.	SACUBITRL+VALSRTN 24/26mg tabs
blc1.	FELODIPINE 5mg m/r tablets
bi33.	LISINOPRIL 10mg tablets
bu51.	CLOPIDOGREL 75mg tablets
bs86.	EDOXABAN 60mg tablets
bi6E.	RAMIPRIL 10mg tablets
bD1z.	RANOLAZINE 375mg m/r tablets
bk73.	CANDESARTAN CILEXETIL 8mg tabs
bl5g.	DILTIAZEM HCL 240mg m/r caps
bxi2.	ATORVASTATIN 20mg tablets
bi61.	RAMIPRIL 1.25mg capsules
bxc8.	FENOFIBRATE 267mg capsules
bxkx.	ROSUVASTATIN 10mg tablets
bk52.	IRBESARTAN 150mg tablets
bdf2.	BISOPROLOL FUMARATE 10mg tabs
bk7z.	CANDESARTAN CILEXETL 32mg tabs
blkN.	MONOMIL XL 60mg m/r tablets
bxiz.	ATORVASTATIN 80mg tablets
blh3.	LERCANIDIPINE HCl 20mg tablets
bxd2.	SIMVASTATIN 20mg tablets
c6B2.	FLUTC FUR+VILANT 184/22mcg inh
bl3W.	CHEMYDUR 60XL m/r tablets
bi2z.	ENALAPRIL MAL 20mg tabs x28
bl8U.	NIFEDIPRESS MR 20 m/r tablets
bp1M.	JEXT 300micrograms/0.3mL pen
c13J.	SALBUTAMOL 100mcg CFC-free inh
blzI.	GLYCERYL TRI 400mcg CFC fr spr
bxl1.	EZETIMIBE 10mg tablets
c6B3.	RELVAR ELLIPTA 92mcg/22mcg inh
bl3y.	ISOSORBIDE MONO 60mg m/r tabs
bi34.	LISINOPRIL 20mg tablets
bo4y.	NAFTIDROFURYL 100mg capsules
bxi1.	ATORVASTATIN 10mg tablets
c13o.	SALBUTAMOL 5mg/2.5mL neb units
bs4x.	DABIGATRAN ETEXILATE 150mg cap
c333.	TIOTROPIUM 2.5mcg carts+device
c8o1.	LORATADINE 10mg tablets
blc5.	FELODIPINE 2.5mg m/r tablets
bi51.	PERINDOPRIL ERBUMINE 2mg tabs
bs6x.	RIVAROXABAN 20mg tablets
c13T.	VENTOLIN 100mcg Evohaler
c14j.	TERBUTALINE 500mcg bth-act inh
bs6y.	RIVAROXABAN 15mg tablets
c64c.	PULMICORT 100mcg turbo 200dose
c8rz.	DESLORATADINE 5mg tablets
bs17.	WARFARIN SODIUM 1mg tablets
bk74.	CANDESARTAN CILEXET 16mg tabs
bxd5.	SIMVASTATIN 40mg tablets
c1c2.	FLUTIFORM 125mcg/5mcg inhaler
c331.	TIOTROPIUM 18mcg inhal caps
bu23.	ASPIRIN 75mg disp tabs
c66d.	CLENIL MODULITE 100mcg inhaler
d1hz.	MELATONIN 2mg m/r tablets
bs18.	WARFARIN SODIUM 3mg tablets
bl8e.	CORACTEN SR 20mg m/r capsules
bxkw.	ROSUVASTATIN 5mg tablets
c1D6.	SERETIDE 250 Evohaler
c351.	INCRUSE ELLIPTA 55mcg/dose inh
bxdz.	SIMVASTATIN 80mg tablets
c8n1.	CETIRIZINE 10mg tablets
d214.	DIAZEPAM 5mg tablets
bu25.	*ASPIRIN 75mg tablets
blb1.	AMLODIPINE 5mg tablets
c1E8.	EASYHALER SALBUT 200mcg inh
c8kx.	ALIMEMAZINE 10mg tablets
c841.	CHLORPHENAMINE 4mg tablets
bxe7.	PRAVASTATIN SODIUM 40mg tabs
ce31.	CARBOCISTEINE 375mg capsules
d4s1.	QUETIAPINE 25mg tablets
bu2B.	ASPIRIN 75mg e/c tablets
blcr.	CARDIOPLEN XL 2.5mg m/r tabs
c31t.	IPRATROPIUM 20mcg CFC-free inh
cA11.	MONTELUKAST 10mg tablets
d28y.	HYDROXYZINE HCL 25mg tablets
bxi3.	ATORVASTATIN 40mg tablets
d213.	DIAZEPAM 2mg tablets
d4sI.	SONDATE XL 200mg m/r tablets
bxcA.	FENOFIBRATE 160mg m/r tablets
bs72.	APIXABAN 2.5mg tablets
c66f.	CLENIL MODULITE 250mcg inhaler
d4ev.	PROMAZINE 25mg/5mL syrup
d4s2.	QUETIAPINE 100mg tablets
c13v.	SALBUTAMOL 100mcg inhaler
da67.	PAROXETINE 10mg tablets
d711.	AMITRIPTYLINE 10mg tablets
bxd1.	SIMVASTATIN 10mg tablets
bs85.	EDOXABAN 30mg tablets
c6B1.	RELVAR ELLIPTA 184/22mcg inh
d4s3.	QUETIAPINE 200mg tablets
d75z.	DOSULEPIN HCL 75mg tablets
c31w.	IPRATROPIUM 500mcg/2mL neb.sol
da93.	CITALOPRAM 10mg tablets
d713.	AMITRIPTYLINE 50mg tablets
c19z.	SALMETEROL 25mcg CFC-free inh
bxa7.	OMACOR 1g capsules
cA1y.	MONTELUKAST 4mg/sachet grans
d75y.	DOSULEPIN HCL 25mg capsules
da52.	SERTRALINE 100mg tablets
c43f.	UNIPHYLLIN CONT 200mg m/r tabs
dh3z.	CINNARIZINE 15mg tablets
da95.	CITALOPRAM 40mg tablets
c1A2.	SODIUM CHLORIDE 0.9% nebules
c13U.	SAL 100 CFC-fr br-act aero inh
d4e4.	PROMAZINE 25mg tablets
da7w.	VENLAFAXINE 225mg m/r capsules
da77.	VENLAFAXINE 75mg m/r capsules
c673.	SYMBICORT 400/12 Turbohaler
dnj2.	GABAPENTIN 300mg capsules
daB7.	MIRTAZAPINE 45mg disp tabs
c665.	QVAR 50 inhaler
c13w.	SALBUTAMOL 2.5mg/2.5mL nebs
da61.	PAROXETINE 20mg tablets
daB5.	MIRTAZAPINE 15mg disp tabs
da7Q.	VENSIR XL 150mg m/r capsules
c6A2.	FOSTAIR NEXTHALER 100/6mcg inh
dnjy.	GABAPENTIN 600mg tablets
dB16.	MEMANTINE HCL 20mg tablets
c8p1.	FEXOFENADINE HCL 120mg tablets
c1D5.	SERETIDE 125 Evohaler
da72.	VENLAFAXINE 75mg tablets
dher.	PROCHLORPERAZINE 5mg tablets
daB1.	MIRTAZAPINE 30mg tablets
d2a1.	LORAZEPAM 1mg tablets
dnp7.	LYRICA 300mg capsules
dh1z.	BETAHISTINE HCL 8mg tablets
d1d1.	ZOPICLONE 7.5mg tablets
c1Dw.	SALM+FLUT 25/250 CFC-free inh
da7q.	VENLAFAXINE 37.5mg m/r tablets
di9y.	NEFOPAM HCL 30mg tablets
daE2.	VORTIOXETINE 5mg tablets
d4rz.	OLANZAPINE 10mg disp tabs
dnpx.	PREGABALIN 75mg capsules
di22.	PARACETAMOL 500mg soluble tabs
d1d3.	ZOPICLONE 3.75mg tablets
c51M.	SPIOLTO RESPIMT 2.5/2.5mcg inh
daC3.	ESCITALOPRAM 20mg tablets
dibt.	TYLEX 500mg capsules
dB11.	MEMANTINE HCL 10mg tablets
d615.	PRIADEL 400mg m/r tablets
dy12.	DONEPEZIL HCL 10mg tablets
di2q.	PARACETAMOL 500mg capsules
d1f3.	ZOLPIDEM TARTRATE 10mg tablets
c61t.	BECLOMET DIP 250mcg inhaler
dB12.	MEMANTINE HCL 10mg/g oral dps
dj1l.	ORAMORPH 10mg/5mL liquid 100mL
dheB.	BUCCASTEM M 3mg buccal tablets
d712.	AMITRIPTYLINE 25mg tablets
e222.	FLUCLOXACILLIN 500mg capsules
di2r.	PARACETAMOL 120mg/5mL s/f elix
d1h1.	CIRCADIN 2mg m/r tablets
c666.	QVAR 100 inhaler
dhed.	PROCHLORPERAZINE 3mg bucc.tabs
dj41.	CODEINE PHOSPHATE 15mg tablets
dia2.	CO-CODAMOL 8mg/500mg tablets
da41.	FLUOXETINE 20mg capsules
e692.	CEFALEXIN 500mg capsules
dj1L.	MORPHINE SULF 10mg/5mL soln
d7ex.	TRAZODONE HCL 50mg capsules
c66c.	CLENIL MODULITE 50mcg inhaler
dic4.	ZAPAIN capsules
dj88.	DIHYDROCODEINE 60mg m/r tabs
diaU.	PARACET+CODEINE 500/15mg tabs
daC1.	ESCITALOPRAM 10mg tablets
f143.	NOVORAPID PENFILL 100u/mL 3mL
dj3p.	BUPRENORPHINE 10mcg/hour patch
da51.	SERTRALINE 50mg tablets
c6A1.	FOSTAIR 100mcg/6mcg inhaler
dj3a.	TRANSTEC 52.5mcg/hr patches
djAh.	MAROL 200mg m/r tablets
dibz.	SOLPADOL caplets
dh13.	BETAHISTINE HCL 16mg tablets
f144.	NOVORAPID FLEXPEN 100u/mL 3mL
djkN.	LONGTEC 20mg m/r tablets
da71.	VENLAFAXINE 37.5mg tablets
c6A3.	FOSTAIR 200mcg/6mcg inhaler
dj3o.	BUPRENORPHINE 5mcg/hour patch
djk8.	OXYNORM 5mg/5mL liquid
dm1z.	CLONIDINE HCL 25mcg tablets
di2s.	PARACETAMOL 120mg/5mL s/f susp
f2A2.	LEVEMIR 100iu/mL p/f pen 3mL
djkr.	OXYCODONE HCL 5mg/5mL s/f liq
daBy.	MIRTAZAPINE 45mg tablets
c84w.	*CHLORPHEN 2mg/5mL s/f syrup
dj3X.	BUTEC 10mcg/hour patches
dn39.	TEGRETOL RETARD 400mg m/r tabs
dnb7.	SOD. VALPROATE 200mg e/c tabs
di2u.	PARACETAMOL 250mg/5mL s/f susp
ft9y.	EXENATIDE 10mcg/0.04mL inj pen
dn35.	TEGRETOL 200mg tablets
di21.	PARACETAMOL 500mg tablets
c8p3.	FEXOFENADINE HCL 180mg tablets
dj42.	CODEINE PHOSPHATE 30mg tablets
dn9z.	PHENYTOIN SODIUM 100mg caps
dnby.	SOD. VALPROATE 200mg/5mL sfliq
dibB.	PARACET+COD 500/30mg eff tabs
fth2.	FORXIGA 10mg tablets
dnax.	PRIMIDONE 50mg tablets
di2n.	PARACETAMOL 120mg/5mL susp
d4fz.	SULPIRIDE 200mg tablets
dnow.	LEVETIRACETAM 750mg tablets
dnov.	LEVETIRACTAM 100mg/mL s/f soln
dnf1.	LAMOTRIGINE 50mg tablets
dj81.	DIHYDROCODEINE 30mg tablets
ga8A.	DESOGESTREL 75mcg tablets
dnbd.	EPILIM CHRONO 300 m/r tablets
dia7.	*CO-PROXAMOL tablets
d4jx.	ZUCLOPENTHIXOL DIHCL 2mg tabs
dy3u.	GALANTAMINE 16mg m/r capsules
dnpz.	PREGABALIN 25mg capsules
dnf5.	LAMOTRIGINE 25mg tablets
dl5A.	SUMATRIPTAN 50mg tablets
gddz.	SOLIFENACIN SUCCINATE 5mg tabs
dnj1.	GABAPENTIN 100mg capsules
dian.	PARACET+CODEINE 500/30mg tabs
d616.	PRIADEL 200mg m/r tablets
e31t.	CO-AMOXICLAV 375mg tablets
e312.	AMOXICILLIN 500mg capsules
dnjz.	GABAPENTIN 800mg tablets
dnpt.	PREGABALIN 300mg capsules
h323.	EFUDIX 5% cream
dnk7.	TOPIRAMATE 25mg tablets
dibD.	PARACET+CODEINE 500/30mg caps
d7e5.	TRAZODONE HCL 150mg tablets
e758.	DOXYCYCLINE 100mg capsules
f298.	LANTUS 100iu/mL p/f pen 3mL
dnox.	LEVETIRACETAM 1g tablets
dq3A.	HALF-SINEMET CR m/r tablets
h324.	FLUOROURACIL 5% cream
dnpu.	PREGABALIN 200mg capsules
dic3.	ZAPAIN caplets
da91.	CITALOPRAM 20mg tablets
ej75.	QUININE SULPHATE 200mg tablets
f41u.	METFORMIN HCL 1000mg m/r tabs
dnpy.	PREGABALIN 50mg capsules
dw1n.	METHYLPHENIDATE 54mg m/r tabs
i962.	WATER FOR INJECTIONS inj 2mL
dw31.	ELVANSE 30mg capsules
djiG.	TRAMADOL HCL 100mg m/r caps
daBz.	MIRTAZAPINE 15mg tablets
f29C.	ABASAGLAR KWIKPEN 100iu/mL 3mL
f41y.	METFORMIN HCL 500mg tablets
dq3b.	CO-CARELDOPA 25/100mg m/r tabs
dw1y.	METHYLPHENIDATE HCL 5mg tabs
ip3f.	CALCICHEW D3 FORTE chew tabs
e3zk.	AMOXICILLIN 125mg/5mL s/f susp
djiv.	TRAMADOL HCL 50mg m/r tablets
dh4y.	CYCLIZINE 50mg tablets
f2B1.	TRESIBA FLEXTOUCH 100iu/mL pen
fo44.	FOSAMAX ONCE WEEKLY 70mg tabs
du8x.	VARENICLINE 500mcg+1mg tablets
e3zn.	AMOXICILLIN 250mg/5mL syrup
ip3j.	ADCAL-D3 1.5g/10mcg chew tabs
e927.	CLARITHROMYCIN 500mg tablets
dnbc.	EPILIM CHRONO 200 m/r tablets
dia6.	CO-DYDRAMOL tablets
f41A.	GLUCOPHAGE SR 1000mg m/r tabs
fth4.	DAPAGLIFLOZIN 10mg tablets
dw16.	EQUASYM XL 20mg m/r capsules
e76z.	LYMECYCLINE 408mg capsules
j2b1.	MEFENAMIC ACID 250mg capsules
ec13.	CO-TRIMOXAZOLE 960mg tablets
dnbe.	EPILIM CHRONO 500 m/r tablets
djAf.	MAROL 100mg m/r tablets
f41B.	BOLAMYN SR 500mg m/r tablets
ftk6.	ALOGLIPTIN 25mg tablets
e15w.	PHENOXYMETHYLPEN 125mg/5mL s/f
e923.	CLARITHROMYCIN 125mg/5mL susp
j2n3.	MELOXICAM 15mg tablets
f3A1.	GLIMEPIRIDE 2mg tablets
dnbK.	SODUM VALPROATE 300mg m/r caps
dji2.	TRAMADOL HCL 50mg capsules
f922.	LEVOTHYROXINE NA 50mcg tablets
gda3.	OXYBUTYNIN HCL 5mg tablets
e15x.	PHENOXYMETHYLPEN 250mg/5mL s/f
eg1w.	NITROFURANTOIN 100mg m/r caps
j82y.	BACLOFEN 10mg tablets
f921.	LEVOTHYROXINE NA 25mcg tablets
dq22.	MADOPAR-125 capsules
djzj.	ZOMORPH 10mg m/r capsules
ff2n.	EVOREL-75 patches
gdA8.	MARIOSEA XL 4mg m/r capsules
e77x.	MINOCYCLINE 100mg capsules
eiM1.	IMIQUIMOD 5% cream
k32w.	CHLORAMPHENICOL 1% eye oint
fg6t.	PROGESTERONE 100mg capsules
dqEx.	PRAMIPEXOLE 88mcg tablets
dnf2.	LAMOTRIGINE 100mg tablets
fh1S.	KLIOVANCE 1mg/0.5mg tablets
gddy.	SOLIFENACIN SUCCINATE 10mg tab
e782.	OXYTETRACYCLINE 250mg tablets
eiM4.	ZYCLARA 3.75% cream 250mg sach
k8i1.	LATANOPROST 0.005% eye drops
fh1O.	EVOREL CONTI patches
dqGu.	ROTIGOTINE 1mg/24hours patches
dnoz.	LEVETIRACETAM 250mg tablets
fl1t.	DESMOPRESSIN 240mcg wafer
gdew.	DULOXETINE 60mg g/r capsules
eh81.	FLUCONAZOLE 50mg capsules
f35x.	GLICLAZIDE 40mg tablets
k8lz.	BRINZOLAMIDE 10mg/mL eye drops
fi63.	FINASTERIDE 1mg tablets
du8y.	VARENICLINE 500microgram tabs
dnpw.	PREGABALIN 150mg capsules
g892.	ETHINYL+NORGES 35/250mcg tabs
iddP.	NUTILIS CLEAR powder 175g
ei18.	ACICLOVIR 400mg tablets
fe62.	PREDNISOLONE 5mg tablets
ka2y.	HYPROMELLOSE 0.5% eye drops
fl18.	DESMOPRESSIN ACET 200mcg tabs
eg1y.	NITROFURANTOIN 50mg capsules
dr6y.	PROCYCLIDINE 5mg tablets
gdA1.	TOLTERODINE L-TART 1mg tablets
if12.	*KETOVITE liquid 100mL
eiM3.	IMIQUIMOD 3.75% cream
ff41.	PREMARIN 625micrograms tablets
l36w.	BETAMETHASONE+NEOMYCIN drops
ftf2.	LINAGLIPTIN 5mg tablets
ej76.	QUININE SULPHATE 300mg tablets
dw1r.	METHYLPHENIDATE 27mg m/r tabs
gdex.	DULOXETINE 30mg g/r capsules
j611.	ALLOPURINOL 100mg tablets
f3A3.	GLIMEPIRIDE 1mg tablets
fg51.	NORETHISTERONE 5mg tablets
l812.	BECONASE AQU 50mcg nasal spray
ftl2.	ALOGLP+METFORM 12.5/1000mg tab
f929.	LEVOTHYROXINE 100mcg/5mL soln
dw2w.	ATOMOXETINE 40mg capsules
gh83.	VARDENAFIL 20mg tablets
ja18.	ALGESAL 10% cream
f923.	LEVOTHYROXINE NA 100mcg tabs
fg53.	UTOVLAN 5mg tablets
l81z.	BECLOMET 50mcg aq nasal spray
fw22.	NOVOMIX 30 FLEXPEN pen 3mL
fe32.	DEXAMETHASONE 2mg tablets
e155.	PHENOXYMETHYLPEN 125mg/5mL syr
h341.	METHOTREXATE 2.5mg tablets
ja1F.	*VOLTAROL EMULGEL gel 20g
fa1z.	CARBIMAZOLE 5mg tablets
fi65.	AINDEEM 1mg tablets
l864.	*RINATEC 0.03% aq nasal spray
g834.	MICROGYNON-30 tablets
fh1M.	ELLESTE-DUET 1mg tablets
e311.	AMOXICILLIN 250mg capsules
h8E3.	STELARA 45mg/0.5mL inj pfs
ja3C.	VOLTAROL 12 HOUR EMULGEL P 30g
ff2z.	ESTRADIOL 2mg tablets
ft8z.	SITAGLIPTIN 100mg tablets
m11a.	DIPROBASE dispenser cream 500g
gdAA.	NEDITOL XL 4mg m/r capsules
fh1q.	ETHINYL+NOREL 600mcg/6mg patch
e31v.	*CO-AMOXICLAV 125mg/5mL susp
i151.	FERROUS SULFATE 200mg tablets
k8sz.	BRINZOLAMD 1%/TIMOLOL 0.5% e/d
fi64.	PROPECIA 1mg tablets
g8A5.	LUCETTE tablets
m24y.	UREA 10% lotion
h8E1.	STELARA 45mg/0.5mL inj
ft5x.	PIOGLITAZONE 45mg tablets
f41J.	SUKKARTO SR 1000mg m/r tablets
i332.	FOLIC ACID 5mg tablets
ka92.	CELLUVISC 0.5% s-d eye drops
ftdz.	SAXAGLIPTIN 5mg tablets
gc71.	TAMSULOSIN HCL 400mcg m/r caps
m25j.	OILATUM EMOLLIENT 250mL
i321.	CYANOCOBALAMIN 1mg/1mL inj
ftn2.	CANAGLIFLOZIN 100mg tablets
f41x.	METFORMIN HCL 500mg m/r tabs
ip3z.	COLECALCIFEROL 800iu capsules
kb8t.	SODIUM HYALURON 0.2% s-d e/dps
g429.	CLOTRIMAZOLE 1% cream
gde3.	CYMBALTA 30mg g/r capsules
m25P.	*QV wash lotion 200mL
ip29.	CALCITRIOL 3mcg/g ointment
gc76.	TABPHYN MR 400mcg m/r caps
ff2N.	ELLESTE-SOLO 1mg tablets
j282.	IBUPROFEN 400mg tablets
l882.	FLIXONASE 50mcg nasal spray
ga27.	MIRENA 52mg i-u system
gh53.	SILDENAFIL 100mg tablets
m25U.	OILATUM FRAG FREE SHW gel 150g
ip3h.	CACIT D3 granules
gh52.	SILDENAFIL 50mg tablets
fh1H.	ELLESTE-DUET 2mg tablets
j2c1.	NAPROXEN 250mg tablets
m114.	CETOMACROGOL FORMULA B cream
h32D.	ACTIKERALL 5/100mg/g soln 25mL
h32E.	FLUOROURAC+SALICYLIC 5/100mg/g
m271.	OILATUM PLUS bath emollient
j612.	ALLOPURINOL 300mg tablets
h8E2.	USTEKINUMAB 45mg/0.5mL inj
fl1u.	DESMOPRESSIN 120mcg wafer
j2c2.	NAPROXEN 500mg tablets
m122.	EMULSIFYING ointment
h82A.	NEORAL 25mg capsules
h71x.	AZATHIOPRINE 50mg tablets
m28b.	EPADERM cream 500g
k65z.	FLUOROMETHOLONE eye drops
he42.	TAMOXIFEN 20mg tablets
fo4y.	ALENDRONIC ACID 70mg tablets
j2n2.	MELOXICAM 7.5mg tablets
m128.	PARAFFIN SOFT YELLOW jelly
i11t.	FERROUS FUMARATE 210mg tablets
i119.	FERROUS FUMARATE 322mg tablets
m348.	ANTHISAN PLUS STING RELIEF spr
k8fy.	TIMOLOL 0.25% eye drops
heE1.	LETROZOLE 2.5mg tablets
g83E.	LEVEST tablets
j54z.	HYDROXYCHLORO SULF 200mg tabs
m238.	SUDOCREM cream 125g
i312.	HYDROXOCOBALAMIN 1mg/1mL inj
idmp.	GLUTAFIN pasta spirals 500g
m351.	DOXEPIN HYDROCHLORIDE 5% cream
l12z.	ACETIC ACID 2% ear spray
ip16.	ALFACALCIDOL 250nanograms caps
g83G.	RIGEVIDON tablets
ja1y.	PIROXICAM 0.5% topical gel
m24B.	BALNEUM PLUS cream 100g
ip3i.	CA+COLECALCIF 1.5g/10mcg tabs
ip3e.	CALC+COLECALC 1.25g/10mcg tabs
m411.	HYDROCORTISONE 1% cream 15g
lb13.	DIFFLAM SORE THROAT rnse 200mL
ja1U.	IBUPROFEN 5% gel
g891.	CILEST tablets
ja2M.	FENBID 5% gel 30g
m25A.	AVEENO bath oil 250mL
j436.	DEPO-MED+LIDOC 40mg/10mg inj
ip3R.	COLECALCIFEROL 20,000iu caps
m45V.	HYDROCORT+FUSIDIC 1%/2% cream
le2i.	CEPTON MEDICATED 0.5% gel 30g
ja2h.	IBULEVE MAX STRENGTH gel 50g
ga36.	DEPO-PROVERA 150mg/1mL syringe
ja2z.	IBUPROFEN 10% gel
m25Q.	DOUBLEBASE EMOL bath add 500mL
j85y.	METHOCARBAMOL 750mg tablets
j28Y.	IBUPROFEN 100mg/5mL s/f syrup
m45Y.	HYDROCORT+MICONAZOLE 1%/2% crm
m112.	*BUFFERED cream
l8B2.	NASACORT 55mcg aq nasal spray
gdh4.	MIRABEGRON 50mg m/r tablets
k321.	CHLORAMPHENICOL 0.5% eye drops
m314.	CALAMINE OILY lotion
ja3E.	*DICLOFENAC SODIUM 2% gel
j29A.	*INDOMETACIN 75mg m/r tablets
m45Z.	HYDROCORT+CLOTRIMAZ 1%/1% crm
m115.	DIPROBASE cream 50g
le2f.	CHLORHEX GLUCON 1% wash lotion
h8E4.	USTEKINUMAB 45mg/0.5mL inj pfs
k69y.	SODIUM CROMOGLICATE 2% e/d
m421.	HYDROCORTISONE 0.5% oint 15g
k8h1.	DORZOLAMIDE 2% ophthalmic soln
j2pW.	IBUPROFEN 400mg capsules
m485.	BETNOVATE 0.1% ointment 30g
m214.	ZINC 15% ointment
m111.	AQUEOUS cream
i111.	FERSADAY 322mg tablets
k8i3.	MONOPOST 50mcg/mL e/dps 0.2mL
m422.	HYDROCORTISONE 1% ointment 15g
k8i2.	XALATAN 0.005% eye drops 2.5mL
ja1Y.	*DICLOFENAC SODIUM 1% gel
m48m.	BETAMETHASONE 0.025% cream
m215.	ZINC AND CASTOR OIL ointment
m127.	PARAFFIN WHITE SOFT jelly
in44.	THIAMINE HYDROCHLOR 50mg tabs
k8k1.	DORZOLAMIDE+TIMOLOL 2/0.5% e/d
m45k.	NYSTAFORM-HC 0.5% cream 30g
k8j4.	MIRVASO gel
k6l2.	OPATANOL 1mg/mL eye drops 5mL
m48s.	BETAMETHASONE 0.1% lotion
m21L.	*CETRABEN cream 125g
m213.	ZINC 32% cream
ip3s.	CALCICHW D3 1.25g/400iu caplet
ka2v.	HYPROMELLOSE 0.3% eye drops
m45r.	*TERRA-CORTRIL NYSTATN crm 30g
k8k4.	DORZOL+TIMOL 2%/0.5% s-d drops
k8r1.	BIMATPRST 0.03%/TIMOL 0.5% e/d
m4ew.	DIFLUCORTOLONE VAL 0.1% oint
m21q.	AVEENO cream 100mL
m23V.	ZERODOUBLE gel 100g
ip3w.	ACCRETE D3 tablets
ka32.	LACRI-LUBE eye ointment 5g
m463.	*MODRASONE 0.05% ointment 15g
ka8z.	CARBOMER-980 0.2% liq eye gel
ka9B.	XAILIN FRSH 0.5% s-d e/d 0.4mL
m4gt.	FLUOCINOLONE ACET 0.025% gel
m226.	*METANIUM ointment 25g
m25g.	*DIPROBATH emollient 500mL
j82z.	BACLOFEN 5mg/5mL sf liquid
ka33.	XAILIN NIGHT eye ointment 5g
m47z.	*BECLOMETASONE 0.025% ointment
kb8Q.	HYLO-FORTE 0.2% eye drops 10mL
kb8P.	HYLO-TEAR 0.1% eye drops 10mL
m4kz.	*HALCINONIDE 0.1% cream
m22r.	INFADERM THERAPEUTIC oil 250mL
m277.	DERMOL cream 100g
ja1u.	FELBINAC 3% topical gel
l8E1.	DYMISTA 137mcg/50mcg nsl spray
m487.	BETNOVATE 0.1% lotion 100mL
l8D1.	NASONEX 0.05% aqu nasal spray
l33z.	CLOTRIMAZOLE 1% solution
m4l2.	LOCOID 0.1% cream 100g
m24P.	DERMATONICS HEEL BALM 75g
m288.	DOUBLEBASE EMLNT wash gel 200g
ja2S.	CAPSAICIN 0.025% cream
le2g.	CEPTON MED 1% skin wash 150mL
m48b.	BETNOVATE RD 0.025% oint 100g
le2d.	*CHLORHEXDNE GLUCON 0.1% lotn
l886.	AVAMYS 27.5mcg nasal spray
m4ly.	HYDROCORTISONE BUT 0.1% oint
m312.	CALAMINE 4% aqueous cream
m322.	EURAX 10% cream 30g
ja2X.	FENBID FORTE 10% gel 100g
le2h.	CHLORHEXIDINE GLUCON 0.5% gel
m48D.	BETESIL 2.25mg plasters
m113.	CETOMACROGOL FORMULA A cream
l887.	FLUTICASONE 27.5mcg nasal spry
m59G.	CALCIPOL+BETA 50/500mcg/g oint
m313.	CALAMINE lotion
m342.	ANTHISAN cream 25g
k3g1.	FUSIDIC ACID 1% eye drops
m12k.	LIQ PARAFFIN+WSP 50%/50% oint
m49f.	FUCIBET LIPID cream 30g
m124.	HYDROUS WOOL FAT
l8Dz.	MOMETASONE 0.05% nasal spray
m5zu.	DITHRANOL 0.25% cream
m32z.	CROTAMITON 10% cream
m412.	HYDROCORTISONE 1% cream 30g
k8o3.	BIMATOPROST 0.1mg/mL eye drops
m21A.	*E45 lotion
m4al.	CLOBADERM 0.05% ointment 100g
m21D.	DERMAMIST spray
lb12.	DIFFLAM 0.15% oral spray
m62j.	PANOXYL 10% wash 150mL
m415.	HYDROCORTISONE 0.1% cream 30g
m418.	*HYDROCORTISONE 0.5% cream 30g
kb8R.	HYLO-CARE 0.1%/2% e/d 10mL
m21x.	EMULSIDERM lotion 300mL
m4i5.	*ULTRALANUM plain cream 30g
m248.	UREA 10% cream
m12b.	WOOL-ALCOHOLS ointment
m62m.	QUINODERM 5% cream 50g
m417.	HYDROCORTISONE 0.5% cream 15g
m453.	CANESTEN-HC cream 30g
l8B1.	TRIAMCINOL ACETONID 55mcg spry
m25z.	*AVEENO COLLOIDAL add 50g sach
m4jv.	FLUDROXY 4mcg/sq cm 50cm tape
m279.	DERMOL WASH emulsion 200mL
m221.	*KAMILLOSAN ointment 24g
m655.	*TRETINOIN 0.025% cream
m42A.	HYDROCORTISONE 2.5% oint 15g
m45X.	HYDROCORT+MICONAZO 1%/2% oint
m123.	HYDROUS ointment
m272.	DERMOL 500 lotion
m4lt.	HYDROCORTISONE BUTYR 0.1% emul
m339.	EMLA cream 30g
m22D.	EVENING PRIMROSE OIL 20% cream
m65y.	*TRETINOIN 0.025% gel
m454.	DAKTACORT cream 30g
m48G.	AUDAVATE RD 0.025% oint 100g
m151.	ZINC-COMPOUND paste
m34z.	MEPYRAMINE MALEATE 2% cream
m4r1.	CUTIVATE 0.05% cream
m41A.	HYDROCORTISONE 2.5% cream 15g
m24A.	UREA+LAUROMACROGOLS 5%/3% crm
m678.	*BENZAMYCIN gel
m46z.	*ALCLOMETASONE DIP 0.05% oint
m48q.	BETAMETHASONE 0.1% cream
m21R.	E45 cream 500g pump
m461.	*MODRASONE 0.05% cream 15g
m51m.	*POLYTAR emollient 350mL
m41m.	MILDISON LIPOCREAM 1% crm 30g
m24Z.	FLEXITOL HEEL BALM 40g
m68F.	BENZOYL PEROX+CLIND 3%/1% gel
m48E.	BETAMETHAS VAL 2.25mg plasters
m4gz.	FLUOCINOLONE ACET 0.025% crm
m21z.	EPADERM ointment 500g
m471.	*PROPADERM 0.025% cream 15g
m53t.	MICANOL 3% cream 50g
m46y.	ALCLOMETASONE DIP 0.05% cream
m25S.	*ZEROLATUM PLUS bath add 500mL
m68G.	TRECLIN 1%/0.025% gel 30g
m48F.	AUDAVATE RD 0.025% cream 100g
m4h1.	METOSYN 0.05% cream 25g
m24w.	UREA 5% cream
m489.	BETNOVATE 0.1% appl 100mL
m59J.	*XAMIOL gel 60g
m4ah.	ETRIVEX 500mcg/g shampoo 125mL
m28k.	DOUBLEBASE DAYLEVE gel 100g
m6Bz.	SALICYLIC ACID 2% topical soln
m48n.	BETAMETHASONE 0.025% ointment
m4h3.	METOSYN 0.05% ointment 25g
m25N.	DOUBLEBSE EMLLNT shwr gel 200g
m48A.	BETACAP scalp application
m5G8.	*PINETARSOL gel 100g
m4e3.	NERISONE 0.1% ointment 30g
m36C.	MENTHOL 5% in aqueous cream
m6C2.	NICOTINAMIDE 4% topical gel
m4gi.	SYNALAR 1:4 ointment 50g
m4r2.	FLUTICASONE PROP 0.05% cream
m32y.	CROTAMITON 10% lotion
m49v.	BETAMETH+FUCIDIC AC 0.1/2% crm
m5H2.	TOCTINO 30mg capsules
m4gw.	FLUOCINOLONE ACET 0.0025% crm
m48a.	BETNOVATE RD 0.025% cream 100g
m6zm.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 4% cream
m4hx.	FLUOCINONIDE 0.05% cream
m51R.	COAL TAR 40% bath emulsion
m45s.	TIMODINE cream 30g
m4e1.	NERISONE 0.1% cream 30g
m5zw.	DITHRANOL 1% cream
m4hy.	FLUOCINONIDE 0.05% ointment
m48B.	BETAMETHASONE VAL 0.12% foam
m6zz.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 5% gel
m4j2.	HAELAN 0.0125% ointment 60g
m561.	ICHTHAMMOL 10% ointment
m45W.	*HYDROCORT+ECONAZOLE 1%/1% crm
m4eu.	DIFLUCORTOLONE VAL 0.1% crm
m611.	BRASIVOL NO.1 paste 75g
m4k1.	*HALCIDERM TOPICL 0.1% crm 30g
m48o.	BETAMETHASONE 0.1% scalp appl
ma1s.	COVERMARK CLASSIC no.3 foundn
m4j7.	HAELN 4mcg/sq cm 7.5x50cm tape
m581.	GAMOLENIC ACID 40mg capsules
m47y.	*BECLOMETASONE 0.025% cream
m4ex.	DIFLUCORTOL VAL 0.3% oily crm
m6Dy.	ADAP 0.1% / BEN PEROX 2.5% gel
m4l4.	LOCOID 0.1% ointment 30g
m49r.	*BETAMTH+NEOMYC 0.1%/0.5% oint
mb1p.	SELSUN 2.5% shampoo 50mL
m4lb.	LOCOID CRELO 0.1% emulsion
m5A4.	ACITRETIN 25mg capsules
m482.	BETNOVATE 0.1% cream 30g
m4g4.	SYNALAR 0.025% gel 30g
m6Dz.	ADAPALENE 0.1% cream
m4q4.	MOMETASONE 0.1% cream 30g
m4aj.	CLOBADERM 0.05% cream 100g
mb24.	HEDRIN 4% scalp lotion
m4lz.	HYDROCORTISONE BUT 0.1% lotion
m5G5.	*PINETARSOL bath oil 200mL
m484.	*BETNOVATE 0.1% ointment 15g
m4gu.	FLUOCINOLONE ACET 0.025% oint
m6zr.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 10% gel
m511.	CALAMINE AND COAL TAR ointment
m4by.	CLOBETASONE 0.05% cream
mb25.	DIMETICONE 4% scalp lotion
m512.	COAL TAR+SALICYLIC ACID oint
m5z8.	DITHRANOL 2% cream
m48r.	BETAMETHASONE 0.1% ointment
m4j1.	HAELAN 0.0125% cream 60g
m83z.	*FORMALDEHYDE 0.75% gel
m515.	ZINC AND COAL TAR paste
m4dz.	*DESOXIMETASONE 0.05% oily crm
mb31.	MINOXIDIL 20mg/mL topical liq
m518.	*CARBO-DOME 10% cream 30g
m652.	*RETIN-A FORTE 0.025% gel 60g
m4bz.	CLOBETASONE 0.05% ointment
m4jw.	FLUDROXYCORTIDE 0.0125% cream
ma1x.	COVERMARK CLASSIC no.8 foundn
m53s.	MICANOL 1% cream 50g
m4ev.	DIFLUCORTOL VAL 0.1% oily crm
md2w.	*FUSIDIC ACID 2% gel
m5B6.	TACALCITOL 4mcg/g lotion
m687.	CLINDAMYCIN 1% gel
m4e5.	NERISONE FORTE 0.3% oint 15g
m4l3.	LOCOID LIPOCREAM 0.1% crm 30g
mb1H.	*METED shampoo 120mL
m572.	ZINC AND SALICYLIC ACID paste
m4ey.	DIFLUCORTOLONE VAL 0.3% oint
md2z.	SODIUM FUSIDATE 2% ointment
m5C2.	TAZAROTENE 0.1% aqueous gel
m6zo.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 5% lotion
m4g5.	*SYNALAR 0.025% ointment 15g
m4lw.	HYDROCORTISONE BUT 0.1% cream
mb23.	SALICYLIC ACID 2% lotion
m5H1.	TOCTINO 10mg capsules
m4i7.	*ULTRALANUM plain ointment 30g
me45.	CANESTEN 1% powder 30g
m5zx.	DITHRANOL 0.1% cream
m716.	CLAIRETTE 2000/35 tablets
m4g9.	SYNALAR 1:10 cream 50g
m4r5.	FLUTICASONE PROP 0.005% oint
mb38.	REGAINE FOR MEN 5% soln 60mL
m5z9.	DITHRANOL 3% cream
m4q6.	MOMETASONE 0.1% ointment 30g
me7H.	DAKTARIN AKTIV cream 15g
m654.	*RETIN-A 0.025% cream 60g
m816.	SALACTOL 16.7% paint 10mL
m4gv.	FLUOCINOLONE ACET 0.00625% crm
m4r6.	CUTIVATE 0.005% ointment
me7x.	MICONAZOLE 2% dusting powder
m5zv.	DITHRANOL 0.5% cream
m51g.	PSORIDERM cream 225mL
meaw.	*NYSTATIN 100,000units/g cream
m65w.	*TRETINOIN 0.01% gel
m81w.	SALICYLIC ACID 26% solution
m4jx.	FLUDROXYCORTIDE 0.0125% oint
m565.	ICTHABAND bandage
meay.	*NYSTATIN 100,000units/g oint
m656.	*RETIN-A 0.01% gel 60g
m595.	*CALCIPOTRIOL 50mcg/g cream
mejy.	TERBINAFINE HCL 1% spray
m67B.	*ERYTHROMYCIN 4% topical gel
m831.	*VERACUR 0.75% gel 15g
m4q5.	MOMETASONE 0.1% lotion 30mL
m591.	CALCIPOTRIOL 50mcg/g ointment
meb1.	PHYTEX paint 25mL
m65x.	*TRETINOIN 0.05% cream
m598.	*DOVONEX 50mcg/g ointment
mg12.	*ASCABIOL application 100mL
m683.	CLINDAMYCIN 1% roll-on lotion
m866.	WARTICON cream
m53A.	PSORIN scalp gel
m594.	*DOVONEX 50micrograms/g cream
meh4.	*AMOROLFINE 0.25% cream
m65z.	*TRETINOIN 0.025% lotion
m59P.	DOVOBET gel 60g+applicator
mi12.	SURGICAL spirit
m68E.	DUAC ONCE DAILY 3%/1% gel 30g
m923.	UVISTAT spf50 lipscreen 5g
m571.	SALICYLIC ACID 2% ointment
m597.	CALCIPOTRIOL 50mcg/mL soln
mej1.	*LAMISIL 1% cream 15g
m691.	ISOTREX 0.05% gel 30g
m5A2.	ACITRETIN 10mg capsules
mi6y.	SAVLON antiseptic cream
m712.	DIANETTE tablets
mb1U.	SELENIUM SULFIDE 2.5% shampoo
m59L.	DOVOBET gel 60g
m5B1.	TACALCITOL 4mcg/g ointment
mf21.	*HERPID 5% solution 5mL
m692.	ISOTRETINOIN 0.05% gel 30g
m5E1.	TACROLIMUS MONOHYDR 0.03% oint
mict.	POVIDONE-IOD 7.5% surg scrub
mb1e.	*IONIL T ACBS shampoo 200mL
me4y.	CLOTRIMAZOLE 1% spray
m5A1.	NEOTIGASON 10mg capsules
m5B5.	CURATODERM 4mcg/g lotion 30mL
mg81.	PERMETHRIN 1% scalp applicatn
m6A3.	AZELAIC ACID 15% gel
m5HZ.	ALITRETINOIN 10mg capsules
ml19.	ANHYDROL FORTE 20% 60mL
mb1l.	*POLYTAR PLUS liquid 150mL
me71.	MICONAZOLE 2% cream
m5A3.	NEOTIGASON 25mg capsules
m5E2.	TACROLIMUS MONOHYDR 0.1% oint
mh1p.	MAGNESIUM SULFATE paste
m6zv.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 10% wash
m64z.	*TETRACYCLINE 2.2mg/mL soln
o57z.	MIDAZOLAM 10mg/2mL injection
mb33.	MINOXIDIL 50mg/mL topical liq
med5.	TOLNAFTATE 1% cream
m5C1.	TAZAROTENE 0.05% aqueous gel
m657.	*RETINOVA 0.05% cream
mh1V.	BENZALK CL+CETR 0.01%/0.2% crm
m721.	*ROACCUTANE 5mg capsules
m674.	STIEMYCIN 2% lotion
oazZ.	*LIDOCAINE HCL 0.5% gel
mc5y.	MUPIROCIN 2% cream
megA.	METRONIDAZOLE 0.75% cream
m5F1.	PIMECROLIMUS 10mg/g cream
m684.	CLINDAMYCIN 1% alcoholic soln
mh1y.	*POVIDONE-IODINE 10% ointment
m72y.	ISOTRETINOIN 5mg capsules
m714.	*DIVA 2000/35 tablets
p1Ge.	3M FOAM 10x11cm oval adh drssg
mc91.	FLAMAZINE 1% cream 50g
megC.	*METRONIDAZOLE 1% cream
m5G1.	*PINE TAR 2.3% solution
m68B.	BENZ PEROX 5% / CLINDAM 1% gel
micz.	*POVIDONE-IODINE 10% paint
m81F.	COMPOUND W liquid
m72x.	ISOTRETINOIN 10mg capsules
p5f9.	ZIPZOC 20% medicated stocking
mec1.	*EXELDERM 1% cream 30g
megu.	METRONIDAZOLE 0.75% gel 30g
m5HY.	ALITRETINOIN 30mg capsules
m68H.	CLINDMYCN+TRETIN 1%/0.025% gel
ml1A.	DRICLOR 20% roll-on 75mL
m852.	*POSALFILIN ointment 10g
m72z.	ISOTRETINOIN 20mg capsules
p8N2.	BRILLANT AQUA 14Ch DA3101 cath
mf1z.	ACICLOVIR 5% cream
meh1.	AMOROLFINE 5% lacquer
m653.	*RETIN-A 0.025% lotion 100mL
m6A4.	FINACEA 15% gel 30g
p432.	A&H type 2 spacer device
m861.	PODOPHYLLOTOXIN 0.5%w/v soln
m81z.	SALICYLIC ACID 50% ointment
p8Wt.	HYDRO-KIT 12Ch 4201225 cath
mg73.	*FULL MARKS 0.2% lotion 55mL
mej3.	TERBINAFINE HCL 1% cream 15g
m675.	ERYTHROMYCIN 2% lotion
m6C3.	NICAM 4% topical gel
ph7I.	CARESENS 0.36mm(28G) lancet
m863.	CONDYLINE 0.5% solution 3.5mL
m865.	PODOPHYLLOTOXIN 0.15% cream
ph8a.	MYLIFE CLICKFINE 8mm(29G) ndle
mh11.	CETRIMIDE 0.5% cream 50g
mg75.	*PHENOTHRIN 0.5% liquid
m676.	ERYTHROMYCIN+ZINC topical soln
m6D1.	ADAPALENE 0.1% topical gel
mh1a.	BRULIDINE 0.15% cream 25g
m864.	*WARTICON FEM 0.5% soln 3mL
mb53.	DANDRAZOL ANTIDAND 2% shampoo
ph9i.	CARESENS 0.31mm(30G) lancet
mi6B.	TISEPT 0.015/0.15% soln 100mL
mh13.	PROFLAVINE cream
m6D6.	*EPIDUO 0.1%/2.5% gel 45g
m6zn.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 2.5% gel
mia2.	*STER-ZAC powder 30g
m91A.	*SPECTRABAN-25 ACBS lotion
mecz.	*SULCONAZOLE NITRATE 1% cream
phCG.	TRICARE 4mm(32G) pen needle
mid1.	POT PERMANGANATE 0.1% soln
mh1C.	*POVIDONE-IODINE 5% cream
m6zp.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 5% cream
m722.	ROACCUTANE 20mg capsules
mo12.	HIRUDOID 0.3% cream
m91j.	*UVISTAT spf30 cream 50g
mef1.	TIOCONAZOLE 28% solution 12mL
m723.	ROACCUTANE 10mg capsules
mv11.	SOOLANTRA 10mg/g cream 30g
mh1z.	CETRIMIDE 1% cream
m6zq.	BENZOYL PEROXIDE 10% lotion
m813.	SALICYLIC ACID COLLODION 12%
mv12.	IVERMECTIN 10mg/g cream
ma1z.	COVERMARK CLASSIC no.10 foundn
meg3.	METROGEL 0.75% gel 40g
m844.	GLUTARALDEHYDE 10% solution
p1i1.	GAUZE type 13 10cmsq swab x100
mi5h.	HIBISCRUB 4% solution 250mL
m817.	VERRUGON 50% ointment 6g
m851.	PODOPHYLLIN COMPOUND 15% paint
p5f6.	CALABAND 7.5cmX6m bandage
mb1F.	*POLYTAR liquid 250mL
megB.	ROZEX 0.75% cream 30g
m91B.	ROC TOTAL spf25 colourless crm
p8GR.	SPEEDICATH 28412 male catheter
mib2.	HYDROGEN PEROXIDE 6% solution
m819.	OCCLUSAL 26% topical solution
ma1k.	VEIL finishing powder 35g
ph89.	NOVOFINE 6mm(31G) needle
mb1v.	KETOCONAZOLE 20mg/mL shampoo
mej6.	LAMISIL AT 1% Spray
mb1K.	POVIDONE-IODINE 4% shampoo
py43.	CATH-IT med-lge/908420 pack
mich.	SAVLON DRY 1.14% spray 50mL
m924.	UVISTAT spf50 cream 125g
mb52.	DANDRAZOL 2% shampoo
scXL.	SENSURA MIO CONVEX 16642 bags
mb55.	DERMAX THERAPEUTIC 0.5% shmpoo
mi5J.	CHLORHEXIDINE GLUCONATE 1% crm
md22.	FUCIDIN 2% cream 30g
slpC.	NOVA 1 UROSTOMY 894-37 urobags
micw.	POVIDONE-IODINE 2.5% spray
ma1v.	COVERMARK CLASSIC no.6 foundn
md27.	FUCIDIN 2% ointment 15g
mib3.	HYDROGEN PEROXIDE 3% solution
mc9z.	SILVER SULFADIAZINE 1% cream
mb1z.	CAPASAL shampoo 250mL
meh5.	CURANAIL 5% lacquer 3mL
micx.	POVIDONE-IOD 10% antisep soln
mn1B.	*HYDROGEN PEROXIDE 1% cream
mc5z.	MUPIROCIN 2% ointment
meh6.	OMICUR 5% nail lacquer 2.5mL
mid2.	PERMITABS 400mg soln.tabs
me4z.	CLOTRIMAZOLE 1% powder
mc61.	NEOMYCIN 0.5% cream
mek1.	BIFONAZOLE 1% cream
mt1z.	DICLOFENAC SODIUM 3% gel
mo13.	HIRUDOID 0.3% gel
mcA4.	RETAPAMULIN 1% ointment
mg5x.	MALATHION 0.5% liquid
p1f1.	*SOFRA TULLE 10x10cm dressing
me62.	KETOCONAZOLE 2% cream
md2v.	FUSIDIC ACID 2% cream
mg84.	LYCLEAR 5% cream 30g
p1iJ.	NON-WOV SP.28 10x10cm 4P-swab
p17B.	TEGADERM 1624 6x7cm IV dressg
me21.	BENZOIC ACID COMPOUND ointment
mh1B.	DRAPOLENE cream
p5f8.	ZN OXIDE 20% oint impreg stckg
me7E.	DAKTARIN AKTIV pdr spray 100g
mea8.	*NYSTAN 100,000unit/g oint 30g
mi5I.	ECZMOL 1% cream 250mL
s9l1.	DEO-MINT 130770 deodorant 50mL
p5fB.	ZINC PASTE 15% 7.5cmx6m bdg
mee1.	*MONPHYTOL paint 18mL
mi6v.	*STERIPOD YELLOW solution 20mL
scxt.	DANSAC NOVA 1 825-15 ileobags
me7y.	MICONAZOLE 0.16% powder spray
meg5.	ROZEX 0.75% gel
mi6w.	UNISEPT solution 100mL
meh3.	*LOCERYL 0.25% cream 20g
ph93.	FASTCLIX 0.3mm(30gauge) lancet
mg54.	*PRIODERM 1% shampoo 40g
micu.	*POVIDONE-IODINE 4% solution
mg7z.	*PHENOTHRIN 0.2% lotion
med2.	TINADERM cream
mg83.	PERMETHRIN 5% cream 30g
mr11.	SOLVENT ETHER BP
mi5D.	CHLORAPREP ONESTEP soln 0.67mL
sbz2.	HYDROFRAME WAFM33 flg extender
mi5H.	CHLORAPREP ONE-STEP soln 26mL
mt21.	PICATO 150mcg/g gel 0.47g
micr.	POVIDONE-IODINE 1.14% spray
mee3.	MYCOTA powder 70g
mt2y.	INGENOL MEBUTATE 500mcg/g gel
mt22.	PICATO 500mcg/g gel 0.47g
o57u.	MIDAZOLM 2.5mg/0.5mL oral syrg
megL.	ROSICED 0.75% cream 30g
p1LK.	MEDIHONEY barrier cream 50g
ph8T.	BD MICRO-FINE+ 4mm(32G) needle
p5f2.	ZINCABAND 7.5cmX6m bandage
mejw.	TERBINAFINE HCL 1% solution
pA2K.	MEPITEL 12cmx15cm dressing
puhM.	MEDISENSE OPTIUM PLS electrode
pG2X.	ULTIMATE 15222 constrctr rings
mejx.	TERBINAFINE HCL 1% gel
pu71.	KETOSTIX strips 50
purO.	TEE2 blood glucose test strip
mf11.	ZOVIRAX 5% cream 2g
q633.	SIMPLA PROFILE 2L/21578 bags
mf31.	PENCICLOVIR 1% cream
q6x3.	PROSYS PSU2 2L nght drain bags
mg11.	BENZYL BENZOATE 25% applicatn
mg53.	*PRIODERM 0.5% lotion 55mL
mg78.	*PHENOTHRIN 0.5% foam
micy.	POVIDONE-IOD 10% alcohol soln
ms11.	LIQUEFIED PHENOL BP
mt2z.	INGENOL MEBUTATE 150mcg/g gel
p1wj.	SOFTPORE 6cmx7cm dressing
p5f5.	QUINABAND 7.5cmX6m bandage
p5f7.	STERIPASTE 7.5cmx6m bandage
ps72.	*TUBIFAST BLUE LINE 7.5cmx1m
pur6.	GLUCORX NEXUS test strip
sksK.	NOVA 2 HIGH OUTPUT 1208-55 bag