da71.	Venlafaxine 37.5mg tablet
da72.	Venlafaxine 75mg tablet
da73.	Efexor 37.5mg tablet
da74.	Efexor 75mg tablet
da75.	Venlafaxine 50mg tablet
da76.	Efexor 50mg tablet
da77.	Venlafaxine 75mg m/r capsule
da78.	Efexor XL 75mg m/r capsule
da79.	Venlafaxine 150mg m/r capsule
da7a.	VENAXX XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7A.	Efexor XL 150mg m/r capsule
da7b.	VAXALIN XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7B.	RODOMEL XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7c.	VAXALIN XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7C.	RODOMEL XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7d.	ALVENTA XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7D.	WINFEX XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7e.	ALVENTA XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7E.	WINFEX XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7f.	RANFAXINE XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7g.	RANFAXINE XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7H.	VIEPAX XL 75mg m/r tablets
da7I.	VENLAFAXINE 75mg m/r tablets
da7j.	TONPULAR XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7J.	VIEPAX XL 150mg m/r tablets
da7k.	TONPULAR XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7K.	VENLAFAXINE 150mg m/r tablets
da7l.	FORAVEN XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7L.	TARDCAPS XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7m.	FORAVEN XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7M.	TARDCAPS XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7n.	DEPEFEX XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7N.	VIEPAX 37.5mg tablets
da7o.	DEPEFEX XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7O.	VIEPAX 75mg tablets
da7p.	VENLALIC XL 37.5mg m/r tablets
da7P.	VENSIR XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7q.	VENLAFAXINE 37.5mg m/r tablets
da7Q.	VENSIR XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7r.	SUNVENIZ XL 75mg m/r tablets
da7R.	TIFAXIN XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7s.	SUNVENIZ XL 150mg m/r tablets
da7S.	TIFAXIN XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7T.	VEXARIN XL 75mg m/r capsules
da7U.	VEXARIN XL 150mg m/r capsules
da7V.	VENLALIC XL 75mg m/r tablets
da7W.	VENLALIC XL 150mg m/r tablets
da7X.	VENLALIC XL 225mg m/r tablets
da7Y.	VENLAFAXINE 225mg m/r tablets
da7Z.	VENAXX XL 75mg m/r capsules