_This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit._

# Health Outcomes in systemic Lupus erythematosus and their Determinants across Greater Manchester (HOLD-GM)

## Summary

Lupus is a chronic autoimmune disease that frequently affects younger women in their child-bearing years. It affects ~100 per 100,000 of the UK population and patients of non-White ethnicity are most likely to have lupus and also to suffer severe disease. Previous UK studies of lupus are not representative of the social and ethnic diversity in Greater Manchester.

Lupus is a good example of how a number of other long-term conditions can develop in a population and the impact that the disease, treatment and social factors can have on their development. One third of lupus patients will have kidney involvement and this impacts on life expectancy. Cardiovascular disease and infections contribute to morbidity and are leading causes of death in lupus. Pregnancy in lupus is also more likely to result in complications for both mother and child.

We plan to establish a Greater Manchester-wide cohort of lupus patients (HOLD-GM) to examine the rates of kidney and cardiovascular disease, infections and vaccination uptake, and pregnancy outcomes. This will map out important healthcare needs of lupus patients so that services can be improved in the right location and areas for the most important further research can be identified.

## Notes

- Infections are split into two tables

  - `LH004-4.infections-gp`

    Includes any infection recorded in the GP record.

  - `LH004-4.infections-hospital`

    Includes any hospital stay were an infection was given as the primary cause of admission.

- The `LH004-6.smears` table contains any code relating to a smear test and will need further refining.
- Mortality information was requested as a separate data table, however it is provided in the main demographic table `LH004-1.patients`

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Methodology](#methodology)
- [Reusable queries](#reusable-queries)
- [Clinical code sets](#clinical-code-sets)

## Introduction

The aim of this document is to provide full transparency for all parts of the data extraction process.
This includes:

- The methodology around how the data extraction process is managed and quality is maintained.
- A full list of all queries used in the extraction, and their associated objectives and assumptions.
- A full list of all clinical codes used for the extraction.

## Methodology

After each proposal is approved, a Research Data Engineer (RDE) works closely with the research team to establish precisely what data they require and in what format.
The RDE has access to the entire de-identified database and so builds up an expertise as to which projects are feasible and how best to extract the relevant data.
The RDE has access to a library of resusable SQL queries for common tasks, and sets of clinical codes for different phenotypes, built up from previous studies.
Prior to data extraction, the code is checked and signed off by another RDE.

## Reusable queries
  
This project did not require any reusable queries from the local library [https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable queries for data extraction](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction).## Clinical code sets

This project required the following clinical code sets:

- sle v1
- lupus-nephritis v1
- ckd-stage-1 v1
- ckd-stage-2 v1
- ckd-stage-3 v1
- ckd-stage-4 v1
- ckd-stage-5 v1
- belimumab v1
- hydroxychloroquine v1
- chloroquine v1
- hepatitis-a v1
- hepatitis-b v1
- hepatitis-c v1
- hepatitis-d v1
- tuberculosis v1
- antiphospholipid-syndrome v1
- infections v2
- bone-infection v1
- cardiovascular-infection v1
- cellulitis v1
- diverticulitis v1
- gastrointestinal-infections v1
- genital-tract-infections v1
- hepatobiliary-infection v1
- infection-other v1
- lrti v1
- muscle-infection v1
- neurological-infection v1
- peritonitis v1
- puerpural-infection v1
- pyelonephritis v1
- urti-bacterial v1
- urti-viral v1
- uti v2

Further details for each code set can be found below.

### Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)

Codes from: https://www.opencodelists.org/codelist/opensafely/systemic-lupus-erythematosus-sle/2020-05-12/#full-list and were selected by the researcher team (LightHouse study 04).
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set.

The prevalence range `0.07% - 0.09%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-10-08 | EMIS            | 2712578    |   2242 (0.0827%) |    2229 (0.0822%) | 
| 2024-10-08 | TPP             | 216471     |    162 (0.0748%) |     161 (0.0744%) | 
| 2024-10-08 | Vision          | 352420     |    335 (0.0951%) |     333 (0.0945%) | 
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-10-07
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/sle/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/sle/1)

### Lupus nephritis

Any diagnosis of lupus nephritis.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.004 - 0.009%` suggests that this code set is well defined, but not frequently used in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-10-08 | EMIS            | 2712578    |    198 (0.0073%) |     198 (0.0073%) | 
| 2024-10-08 | TPP             | 216471     |    20 (0.00924%) |     20 (0.00924%) | 
| 2024-10-08 | Vision          | 352420     |    16 (0.00454%) |     15 (0.00426%) | 
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-10-07

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/lupus-nephritis/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/lupus-nephritis/1)

### Chronic kidney disease (CKD) - Stage 1 - diagnosis codes

Developed from https://getset.ga.

#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `% - %` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-04-06 | EMIS            | 2660237    |   (%)   |    (%)   |
| 2022-04-06 | TPP             | 212647     |   (%)   |    (%)   |
| 2022-04-06 | Vision          | 341912     |   (%)   |    (%)   |
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/ckd-stage-1/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/ckd-stage-1/1)

### Chronic kidney disease stage 2

Codes taken from the general CKD code set
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `% - %` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2022-04-06 | EMIS            | 2660237    |   (%)   |    (%)   |
| 2022-04-06 | TPP             | 212647     |   (%)   |    (%)   |
| 2022-04-06 | Vision          | 341912     |   (%)   |    (%)   |
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/ckd-stage-2/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/ckd-stage-2/1)

### Chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 3

Codes showing a diagnosis of stage 3 CKD.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.9% - 3.2%` for EMIS and Vision suggests that this code set is well defined. TPP practices are a bit higher at `4.3%` which may be down to the way CKD is recorded there.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-10-31 | EMIS            | 2472595    |    72486 (2.93%) |     72556 (2.93%) |
| 2023-10-31 | TPP             | 200603     |      8619 (4.3%) |       8619 (4.3%) |
| 2023-10-31 | Vision          | 332447     |    10540 (3.17%) |     10551 (3.17%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2023-10-31

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/ckd-stage-3/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/ckd-stage-3/1)

### Chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 4 codes

Codes showing a diagnosis of stage 4 CKD.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.21% - 0.22%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-10-31 | EMIS            | 2472595    |    5456 (0.221%) |     5465 (0.221%) |
| 2023-10-31 | TPP             | 200603     |     444 (0.221%) |      444 (0.221%) |
| 2023-10-31 | Vision          | 332447     |     682 (0.205%) |      682 (0.205%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2023-10-31

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/ckd-stage-4/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/ckd-stage-4/1)

### Chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 5

Codes showing a diagnosis of stage 5 CKD. Also includes codes for "end stage renal failure".
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.075% - 0.085%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-10-31 | EMIS            | 2472595    |   2099 (0.0849%) |     2101 (0.085%) |
| 2023-10-31 | TPP             | 200603     |    151 (0.0753%) |     151 (0.0753%) |
| 2023-10-31 | Vision          | 332447     |    247 (0.0743%) |     248 (0.0746%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2023-10-31

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/ckd-stage-5/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/ckd-stage-5/1)

### Belimumab

Any prescription of Belimumab (brand name: Benlysta)

This code set has been generated by searching for belimumab or benlysta in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0% - 0%` suggests that this code set is either incomplete or this medication is unused in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-09 | EMIS | 2516912 | 7 (0.000278%) | 7 (0.000278%) | 
| 2024-05-09 | TPP | 200013 | 0 (0%) | 0 (0%) | 
| 2024-05-09 | Vision | 334384 | 1 (0.000299%) | 1 (0.000299%) | 


LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/belimumab/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/belimumab/1)

### Hydroxychloroquine

Any prescription of hydroxychloroquine. Other names: Quinoric/Hydrochloroquine/Plaquenil.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.46% - 0.62%` suggests this is probably well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2021-03-31 | EMIS            | 2604007    |    12974 (0.50%) |     12974 (0.50%) |
| 2021-03-31 | TPP             | 210535     |      787 (0.37%) |       787 (0.37%) |
| 2021-03-31 | Vision          | 333730     |     2056 (0.62%) |      2056 (0.62%) |
| 2024-07-04 | EMIS            | 2534135    |   12003 (0.474%) |    12003 (0.474%) |
| 2024-07-04 | TPP             | 202036     |     938 (0.464%) |      938 (0.464%) |
| 2024-07-04 | Vision          | 335836     |    2074 (0.618%) |     2074 (0.618%) |

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/hydroxychloroquine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/hydroxychloroquine/1)

### Chloroquine

Any prescription of chloroquine. Other names: Avloclor/Malarivon/Nivaquine.

This code set originally created by identifying the relevant codes in the BNF files. The BNF codes are then mapped to SNOMED, and then on to EMIS, Readv2 and CTV3. Subsequently extended by searching the SNOMED, CTV3 and Readv2 hierarchies for the main name and the brand equivalents, then mapped to EMIS codes.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.26% - 0.33%` suggests this is probably well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-04 | EMIS            | 2534135    |    6740 (0.266%) |     6740 (0.266%) |
| 2024-07-04 | TPP             | 202036     |     665 (0.329%) |      665 (0.329%) |
| 2024-07-04 | Vision          | 335836     |     869 (0.259%) |      869 (0.259%) |

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../medications/chloroquine/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/medications/chloroquine/1)

### Hepatitis A

Any code indicating that a patient has hepatitis A.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.11% - 0.13%` for EMIS and Vision is sufficiently narrow that this code set is likely well defined. TPP is a lot lower, but possibly due to the coding of hepatitis often being non-specific (e.g. XaYbp - Viral hepatitis with hepatic coma).

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-16 | EMIS            | 2696332    |    4432 (0.164%) |     3016 (0.112%) |
| 2024-07-16 | TPP             | 215597     |    135 (0.0626%) |      32 (0.0148%) |
| 2024-07-16 | Vision          | 351153     |     663 (0.189%) |      460 (0.131%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-17

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/hepatitis-a/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/hepatitis-a/1)

### Hepatitis B

Any code indicating that a patient has hepatitis B. Also known as "serum hepatitis".
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.16% - 0.20%` for EMIS and Vision is sufficiently narrow that this code set is likely well defined. TPP is a lot lower, but possibly due to the coding of hepatitis often being non-specific (e.g. XaYbp - Viral hepatitis with hepatic coma).

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-17 | EMIS            | 2693087    |    8052 (0.299%) |     5262 (0.195%) |
| 2024-07-17 | TPP             | 215405     |      28 (0.013%) |      25 (0.0116%) |
| 2024-07-17 | Vision          | 350767     |     671 (0.191%) |      542 (0.155%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-17

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/hepatitis-b/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/hepatitis-b/1)

### Hepatitis C

Any code indicating that a patient has hepatitis C.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.22% - 0.28%` for EMIS and Vision is sufficiently narrow that this code set is likely well defined. TPP is lower, but possibly due to the coding of hepatitis often being non-specific (e.g. XaYbp - Viral hepatitis with hepatic coma).

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-17 | EMIS            | 2693087    |   11023 (0.409%) |     7527 (0.279%) |
| 2024-07-17 | TPP             | 215405     |     363 (0.169%) |      247 (0.115%) |
| 2024-07-17 | Vision          | 350767     |    1572 (0.448%) |      787 (0.224%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-17

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/hepatitis-c/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/hepatitis-c/1)

### Hepatitis D

Any code indicating that a patient has hepatitis D. Also known as delta-agent hepatitis.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0% - 0.003%` suggests this has a very low prevalence, or is not well-recorded in primary care.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-16 | EMIS            | 2696332    |     29564 (1.1%) |     68 (0.00252%) |
| 2024-07-16 | TPP             | 215597     |    103 (0.0478%) |            0 (0%) |
| 2024-07-16 | Vision          | 351153     |    2158 (0.615%) |      5 (0.00142%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-17

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/hepatitis-d/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/hepatitis-d/1)

### Tuberculosis

Any code indicating a diagnosis of tuberculosis. This code set was developed using the reference coding table in the GMCR environment, converting from ICD10 codes A15 - A19, followed by a complete cross reference check with SNOMED and mapping to other terminologies.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.33 -0.46%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-05-09 | EMIS            | 2516912    |   11598 (0.461%) |    11598 (0.461%) |
| 2024-05-09 | TPP             | 200013     |     689 (0.344%) |      689 (0.344%) |
| 2024-05-09 | Vision          | 334384     |    1058 (0.316%) |     1058 (0.316%) |
| 2024-07-16 | EMIS            | 2696332    |   125681 (4.66%) |    12455 (0.462%) |
| 2024-07-16 | TPP             | 215597     |    1346 (0.624%) |      767 (0.356%) |
| 2024-07-16 | Vision          | 351153     |    13197 (3.76%) |     1142 (0.325%) |

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/tuberculosis/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/tuberculosis/1)

### Antiphospholipid syndrome

Any code indicating a diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome. Taken from: https://nhs-pcd-refset.pages.dev/

#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.03% - 0.05%` suggests that this code set is well defined.


| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2023-12-15 | EMIS | 2515618 | 1178 (0.0468%) | 1178 (0.0468%) | 
| 2023-12-15 | TPP | 201264 | 55 (0.0273%) | 55 (0.0273%) | 
| 2023-12-15 | Vision | 334040 | 123 (0.0368%) | 121 (0.0362%) | 
LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/antiphospholipid-syndrome/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/antiphospholipid-syndrome/1)

### Infections

Any code indicating an infection. Created as the union of the following code sets:

- bone-infection (v1)
- cardiovascular-infection (v1)
- cellulitis (v1)
- diverticulitis (v1)
- gastrointestinal-infections (v1)
- genital-tract-infections (v1)
- hepatobiliary-infection (v1)
- infection-other (v1)
- lrti (v1)
- muscle-infection (v1)
- neurological-infection (v1)
- peritonitis (v1)
- puerpural-infection (v1)
- pyelonephritis (v1)
- urti-bacterial (v1)
- urti-viral (v1)
- uti (v2)

Each of which was derived from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `74% - 80.1%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |  1880834 (74.2%) |     1873816 (74%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |   162093 (80.3%) |    161814 (80.1%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |   254065 (75.7%) |    252991 (75.3%) |

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/infections/2](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/infections/2)

### Bone infection

Infection of bone or joints, regardless of causative organism. Including osteomyelitis, septic arthritis, pyogenic arthritis.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.0 - 2.3%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |    58668 (2.32%) |     58584 (2.31%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |     5062 (2.51%) |      4374 (2.17%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |        6718 (2%) |      6627 (1.97%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/bone-infection/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/bone-infection/1)

### Cardiovascular infections

Infections of the tissues of the heart, including endocarditis, myocarditis, pericarditis, regardless of infectious organism.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.12 - 0.14%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |    3281 (0.129%) |      3041 (0.12%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |     275 (0.136%) |      273 (0.135%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |     408 (0.122%) |      407 (0.121%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/cardiovascular-infection/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/cardiovascular-infection/1)

### Cellulitis

Bacterial infection of the skin and subcutaneous tissues, including cellulitis and erysipelas, excluding localised superficial infections such as abscess without cellulitis.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `6.1 - 7.2%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   175869 (6.94%) |    153542 (6.06%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |    14259 (7.06%) |        14130 (7%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |    30236 (9.01%) |     24101 (7.18%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/cellulitis/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/cellulitis/1)

### Diverticulitis

Bacterial infection of diverticular disease, including diverticular abscesses.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range is `0.58 - 1.02%`.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   18971 (0.749%) |    18954 (0.748%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |     2066 (1.02%) |      2066 (1.02%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |    1922 (0.572%) |     1921 (0.572%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/diverticulitis/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/diverticulitis/1)

### Gastrointestinal infections

Infections of the intestinal tract (gastroenteritis, colitis, enteritis) of presumed bacterial origin, excluding viral and protozoal gastrointestinal infections.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range is `0.95 - 1.56%`.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-11 | EMIS            | 2533608    |    40067 (1.58%) |     39642 (1.56%) |
| 2024-07-11 | TPP             | 201974     |        2019 (1%) |     1910 (0.946%) |
| 2024-07-11 | Vision          | 335755     |     3972 (1.18%) |      4179 (1.24%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/gastrointestinal-infections/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/gastrointestinal-infections/1)

### Genital tract infections

Infections of the male or female upper genital tract. Including pelvic inflammatory disease, salpingitis, endometritis, oophritis, cervicitis, epididymitis, orchitis, prostatitis. Excluding superficial infections e.g. vulvovaginitis, balanitis.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `7.3 - 8.5%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   215633 (8.51%) |    215616 (8.51%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |    14831 (7.34%) |     14831 (7.34%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |    26957 (8.03%) |     26902 (8.01%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/genital-tract-infections/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/genital-tract-infections/1)

### Hepatobiliary infection

Infectious hepatitis or liver abscess, regardless of type of infectious organism. Including hep A, B, C, D, E. Infections of the gallbladder or biliary tract, including cholecystitis, cholangitis, or empyema of the gallbladder, regardless of type of infectious organism.

Excluding past history of infection, carrier of infection, family history of infection, congenital infection, vaccination against infection, infectious contact.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `2.7 - 3.2%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |    81254 (3.21%) |     81238 (3.21%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |     5729 (2.84%) |       5656 (2.8%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |     9140 (2.72%) |       9069 (2.7%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/hepatobiliary-infection/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/hepatobiliary-infection/1)

### Other infections

This includes any infection that is not covered by the following code sets:

- bone-infection
- cardiovascular-infection
- cellulitis
- diverticulitis
- gastrointestinal-infections
- genital-tract-infections
- hepatobiliary-infection
- lrti
- muscle-infection
- neurological-infection
- peritonitis
- puerpural-infection
- pyelonephritis
- urti-bacterial
- utri-viral
- uti

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

The code set classed many infections as "other", and this is what is created here. The code set was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `32.5 - 34.6%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   863540 (34.1%) |    858486 (33.9%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |    70032 (34.7%) |     69983 (34.6%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |   109858 (32.7%) |    109142 (32.5%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/infection-other/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/infection-other/1)

### Lower respiratory tract infections

Infections of the lower respiratory tract, including pneumonia, pulmonary TB, infective exacerbation COPD/asthma, empyema, lung abscesses, regardless of type of infective organism.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `30.4 - 36.5%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-09 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   770850 (30.4%) |    770695 (30.4%) |
| 2024-07-09 | TPP             | 201974     |    73694 (36.5%) |     73643 (36.5%) |
| 2024-07-09 | Vision          | 335755     |   107068 (31.9%) |    106959 (31.9%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/lrti/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/lrti/1)

### Muscle infection

Includes muscle abscess, myositis, necrotising fasciitis and gas gangrene.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.076 - 0.086%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   1983 (0.0783%) |    1917 (0.0757%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |    174 (0.0861%) |     174 (0.0861%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |    294 (0.0876%) |     278 (0.0828%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/muscle-infection/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/muscle-infection/1)

### Neurological infections

Infections of the central nervous system (brain, meninges, spinal cord) regardless of causative organism. Including meningitis, encephalitis and cranial abscess.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.54 - 0.78%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   21441 (0.846%) |    19839 (0.783%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |    1705 (0.844%) |     1084 (0.537%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |    2612 (0.778%) |     2362 (0.703%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/neurological-infection/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/neurological-infection/1)

### Peritonitis

Inflammation of the peritoneal cavity. The peritoneal cavity includes an extensive serous membrane that covers the entire abdominal wall and is reflected over the contained viscera, the greater and lesser omentum, and the transverse mesocolon.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `0.084 - 0.091%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   2530 (0.0999%) |    2309 (0.0911%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |    180 (0.0891%) |     180 (0.0891%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |    300 (0.0894%) |     283 (0.0843%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/peritonitis/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/peritonitis/1)

### Puerpural infections

An infection associated with pregnancy, the puerperium or lactation (including mastitis, endometritis, puerperal sepsis).

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.16 - 1.42%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |    29325 (1.16%) |     29352 (1.16%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |     2738 (1.36%) |      2737 (1.36%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |     4753 (1.42%) |      4761 (1.42%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/puerpural-infection/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/puerpural-infection/1)

### Pyelonephritis

Bacterial infection of the kidney tissue, renal pelvis or calyces or renal or perinephric abscess due to bacterial infection.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `1.11 - 1.22%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |    30900 (1.22%) |     30897 (1.22%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |     2340 (1.16%) |      2340 (1.16%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |     3724 (1.11%) |      3724 (1.11%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/pyelonephritis/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/pyelonephritis/1)

### Bacterial upper respiratory tract infections

Infections of the upper respiratory tract of likely bacterial origin or for which antibiotics could reasonably be given. Including mastoiditis, streptococcal pharyngitis, otitis media, sinusitis, tonsillitis, tracheitis.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `37 - 41%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |   953545 (37.6%) |    934097 (36.9%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |    83471 (41.3%) |     83417 (41.3%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |     134343 (40%) |    131752 (39.2%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/urti-bacterial/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/urti-bacterial/1)

### Viral upper respiratory tract infection

Infections of the upper respiratory tract of likely viral origin. Including laryngitis, pharyngitis, rhinitis, influenza, common cold.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `58 - 67%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-10 | EMIS            | 2533608    |  1476852 (58.3%) |   1461371 (57.7%) |
| 2024-07-10 | TPP             | 201974     |   134604 (66.6%) |    134234 (66.5%) |
| 2024-07-10 | Vision          | 335755     |   204148 (60.8%) |    200927 (59.8%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/urti-viral/1](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/urti-viral/1)

### Urinary tract infection (UTI)

Bacterial infections of the lower urinary tract including urethra, bladder or ureters, excluding pyelonephritis (see separate code set). Excluding chlamydial and gonococcal urethritis and asymptomatic bacteriuria.

This code set was created from a Readv2 code set developed from the University of Bristol:

Jessica Watson (2018): CPRD codes: infections and autoimmune diseases. https://doi.org/10.5523/bris.2954m5h0ync672u8yzx16xxj7l

It was then mapped to EMIS, CTV3 and SNOMED, and supplemented with codes from a traversal of the SNOMED hierarchy.
#### Prevalence log

By examining the prevalence of codes (number of patients with the code in their record) broken down by clinical system, we can attempt to validate the clinical code sets and the reporting of the conditions. Here is a log for this code set. The prevalence range `19.8 - 21.8%` suggests that this code set is well defined.

| Date       | Practice system | Population | Patients from ID | Patient from code |
| ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------: | ----------------: |
| 2024-07-12 | EMIS            | 2695312    |   535660 (19.9%) |    534987 (19.8%) |
| 2024-07-12 | TPP             | 215330     |    46923 (21.8%) |     46873 (21.8%) |
| 2024-07-12 | Vision          | 350931     |    72881 (20.8%) |     72568 (20.7%) |
#### Audit log

- Find_missing_codes last run 2024-07-05

LINK: [https://github.com/rw251/.../conditions/uti/2](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/clinical-code-sets/conditions/uti/2)
# Clinical code sets

All code sets required for this analysis are available here: [https://github.com/rw251/.../SDE Lighthouse 04 - Bruce/clinical-code-sets.csv](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/projects/SDE%20Lighthouse%2004%20-%20Bruce/clinical-code-sets.csv). Individual lists for each concept can also be found by using the links above.