_This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit._

# _TODO_ - project title

## Summary

**TODO** edit `about.md` to insert a brief lay summary of the work.

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Methodology](#methodology)
- [Reusable queries](#reusable-queries)
- [Clinical code sets](#clinical-code-sets)

## Introduction

The aim of this document is to provide full transparency for all parts of the data extraction process.
This includes:

- The methodology around how the data extraction process is managed and quality is maintained.
- A full list of all queries used in the extraction, and their associated objectives and assumptions.
- A full list of all clinical codes used for the extraction.

## Methodology

After each proposal is approved, a Research Data Engineer (RDE) works closely with the research team to establish precisely what data they require and in what format.
The RDE has access to the entire de-identified database and so builds up an expertise as to which projects are feasible and how best to extract the relevant data.
The RDE has access to a library of resusable SQL queries for common tasks, and sets of clinical codes for different phenotypes, built up from previous studies.
Prior to data extraction, the code is checked and signed off by another RDE.

## Reusable queries
  
This project required the following reusable queries:

- Define Cohort for RQ062: all individuals registered with a GP who were aged 50 years or older on September 1 2013
- Year and quarter month of birth
- GET practice and ccg for each patient
- CCG lookup table

Further details for each query can be found below.

### Define Cohort for RQ062: all individuals registered with a GP who were aged 50 years or older on September 1 2013
To build the cohort of patients needed for RQ062. This reduces duplication of code in the template scripts.

_Input_
```
undefined
```

_Output_
```
Temp tables as follows:
 #Patients (FK_Patient_Link_ID)
 A distinct list of FK_Patient_Link_IDs for each patient in the cohort
```
_File_: `query-build-rq062-cohort.sql`

_Link_: [https://github.com/rw251/.../query-build-rq062-cohort.sql](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction/query-build-rq062-cohort.sql)

---
### Year and quarter month of birth
To get the year of birth for each patient.

_Assumptions_

- Patient data is obtained from multiple sources. Where patients have multiple YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirths we determine the YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth as follows:
- If the patients has a YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth in their primary care data feed we use that as most likely to be up to date
- If every YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth for a patient is the same, then we use that
- If there is a single most recently updated YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth in the database then we use that
- Otherwise we take the highest YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth for the patient that is not in the future

_Input_
```
Assumes there exists a temp table as follows:
 #Patients (FK_Patient_Link_ID)
  A distinct list of FK_Patient_Link_IDs for each patient in the cohort
```

_Output_
```
A temp table as follows:
 #PatientYearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth (FK_Patient_Link_ID, YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth)
 	- FK_Patient_Link_ID - unique patient id
	- YearAndQuarterMonthOfBirth - (YYYY-MM-01)
```
_File_: `query-patient-year-and-quarter-month-of-birth.sql`

_Link_: [https://github.com/rw251/.../query-patient-year-and-quarter-month-of-birth.sql](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction/query-patient-year-and-quarter-month-of-birth.sql)

---
### GET practice and ccg for each patient
For each patient to get the practice id that they are registered to, and the CCG name that the practice belongs to.

_Input_
```
Assumes there exists a temp table as follows:
 #Patients (FK_Patient_Link_ID)
  A distinct list of FK_Patient_Link_IDs for each patient in the cohort
```

_Output_
```
Two temp tables as follows:
 #PatientPractice (FK_Patient_Link_ID, GPPracticeCode)
	- FK_Patient_Link_ID - unique patient id
	- GPPracticeCode - the nationally recognised practice id for the patient
 #PatientPracticeAndCCG (FK_Patient_Link_ID, GPPracticeCode, CCG)
	- FK_Patient_Link_ID - unique patient id
	- GPPracticeCode - the nationally recognised practice id for the patient
	- CCG - the name of the patient's CCG
```
_File_: `query-patient-practice-and-ccg.sql`

_Link_: [https://github.com/rw251/.../query-patient-practice-and-ccg.sql](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction/query-patient-practice-and-ccg.sql)

---
### CCG lookup table
To provide lookup table for CCG names. The GMCR provides the CCG id (e.g. '00T', '01G') but not the CCG name. This table can be used in other queries when the output is required to be a ccg name rather than an id.

_Input_
```
No pre-requisites
```

_Output_
```
A temp table as follows:
 #CCGLookup (CcgId, CcgName)
 	- CcgId - Nationally recognised ccg id
	- CcgName - Bolton, Stockport etc..
```
_File_: `query-ccg-lookup.sql`

_Link_: [https://github.com/rw251/.../query-ccg-lookup.sql](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction/query-ccg-lookup.sql)
## Clinical code sets

This project did not require any clinical code sets.
# Clinical code sets

All code sets required for this analysis are available here: [https://github.com/rw251/.../062 - Sperrin/clinical-code-sets.csv](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/projects/062%20-%20Sperrin/clinical-code-sets.csv). Individual lists for each concept can also be found by using the links above.