aa3J.	Mesalazine 2g/59mL enema
aa3H.	Mesalazine 1g/dose rectal foam
aa3F.	Mesalazine 1g suppository
aa39.	Mesalazine 500mg suppository
aa38.	Mesalazine 250mg suppository
aa33.	Mesalazine 1g/100mL retention enema
aa3z.	Mesalazine 400mg e/c tablet
aa3y.	Mesalazine 1g/sachet m/r granules
aa3x.	Mesalazine 500mg/sachet m/r granules
aa3w.	MESALAZINE 1200mg m/r tablets
aa3V.	MESALAZINE 800mg m/r tablets
aa3D.	Mesalazine 500mg m/r tablet
aa3B.	Mesalazine 250mg e/c tablet
aa34.	Mesalazine 250mg m/r tablet
aa8..	Mesalazine duplicate deleted
aa3l.	MESALAZINE 4g/sachet m/r granules
aa3j.	MESALAZINE 400mg m/r tablets
aa3h.	MESALAZINE 3g/sachet m/r granules
aa3f.	MESALAZINE 1g m/r tablets
aa3c.	MESALAZINE 500mg gastro-resistant tablets
aa3Z.	MESALAZINE 1.5g/sachet m/r granules
aa3X.	MESALAZINE 2g/sachet m/r granules