dnp1.	Lyrica 25mg capsule
dnp2.	Lyrica 50mg capsule
dnp3.	Lyrica 75mg capsule
dnp4.	Lyrica 100mg capsule
dnp5.	Lyrica 150mg capsule
dnp6.	Lyrica 200mg capsule
dnp7.	Lyrica 300mg capsule
dnp8.	LYRICA 225mg capsules
dnp9.	LYRICA 20mg/1mL oral solution
dnpA.	LECAENT 25mg capsules
dnpB.	LECAENT 50mg capsules
dnpC.	LECAENT 75mg capsules
dnpD.	LECAENT 100mg capsules
dnpE.	LECAENT 150mg capsules
dnpF.	LECAENT 200mg capsules
dnpG.	LECAENT 225mg capsules
dnpH.	LECAENT 300mg capsules
dnpI.	REWISCA 25mg capsules
dnpJ.	REWISCA 50mg capsules
dnpK.	REWISCA 75mg capsules
dnpL.	REWISCA 100mg capsules
dnpM.	REWISCA 150mg capsules
dnpN.	REWISCA 200mg capsules
dnpO.	REWISCA 225mg capsules
dnpP.	REWISCA 300mg capsules
dnpr.	PREGABALIN 20mg/1mL oral solution
dnps.	PREGABALIN 225mg capsules
dnpt.	Pregabalin 300mg capsule
dnpu.	Pregabalin 200mg capsule
dnpv.	Pregabalin 100mg capsule
dnpw.	Pregabalin 150mg capsule
dnpx.	Pregabalin 75mg capsule
dnpy.	Pregabalin 50mg capsule
dnpz.	Pregabalin 25mg capsule