dy3..	Galantamine
dy3z.	Galantamine 12mg tablet
dy33.	Reminyl 12mg tablet
dy3y.	Galantamine 8mg tablet
dy32.	Reminyl 8mg tablet
dy3x.	Galantamine 4mg tablet
dy31.	Reminyl 4mg tablet
dy3w.	Galantamine 4mg/mL s/f oral solution
dy34.	Reminyl 4mg/mL s/f oral solution
dy3v.	Galantamine 24mg m/r capsule
dy37.	Reminyl XL 24mg m/r capsule
dy3u.	Galantamine 16mg m/r capsule
dy36.	Reminyl XL 16mg m/r capsule
dy3t.	Galantamine 8mg m/r capsule
dy35.	Reminyl XL 8mg m/r capsule
dy3M.	LUVENTA XL 24mg m/r capsules
dy3L.	LUVENTA XL 16mg m/r capsules
dy3K.	LUVENTA XL 8mg m/r capsules
dy3J.	ELMINO XL 24mg m/r capsules
dy3I.	ELMINO XL 16mg m/r capsules
dy3H.	ELMINO XL 8mg m/r capsules
dy3G.	LOTPROSIN XL 24mg m/r capsules
dy3F.	LOTPROSIN XL 16mg m/r capsules
dy3E.	LOTPROSIN XL 8mg m/r capsules
dy3D.	ACUMOR XL 24mg m/r capsules
dy3C.	ACUMOR XL 16mg m/r capsules
dy3B.	ACUMOR XL 8mg m/r capsules
dy3A.	GALSYA XL 24mg m/r capsules
dy39.	GALSYA XL 16mg m/r capsules
dy38.	GALSYA XL 8mg m/r capsules
x05CF	Reminyl
x05xc	Reminyl XL