fh17.	Prempak-C 0.625 tablets x1 month
ff2f.	Climaval 1mg tablet
ff2r.	Oestradiol 50micrograms patch
ff2z.	Oestradiol 2mg tablet
ff41.	Premarin 625micrograms tablet
fg45.	Provera 10mg tablet
fg46.	Medroxyprogesterone acetate 10mg tablet
fg51.	Norethisterone 5mg tablet
fg52.	Primolut-N 5mg tablet
fg62.	Cyclogest 400mg suppository
fh12.	Cyclo-Progynova 2mg tablet
fg57.	Norethisterone 1mg tablet
fh1E.	Femoston 2/10 tablet
ff2K.	FemSeven 50 patch
ff2M.	Oestradiol valerate 1mg tablet
fh1N.	Evorel Sequi patch
fh1O.	Evorel Conti patch
fg62.	Cyclogest 400mg pessary
ff2M.	Estradiol valerate 1mg tablet
ff2r.	Estradiol 50micrograms patches
ff2z.	Estradiol 2mg tablet
ga92.	ESMYA 5mg tablets