# Exploring the early impacts of virtual wards in Greater Manchester, a comparative analyses

## Summary

Virtual wards are where patients are supported and monitored at home rather than in hospital. A patient might be offered the choice of a virtual ward rather than being admitted into hospital, or they might be discharged from hospital early onto a virtual ward. Virtual wards are being used across Greater Manchester (GM) for conditions such as respiratory infections and frailty. The National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Applied Research Collaboration Greater Manchester (ARC-GM) will be working with researchers from the NIHR Patient Safety Research Collaboration (PSRC) to evaluate the GM Virtual Ward programme. The evaluation aims to understand how Virtual Wards are being delivered across GM and find out what patients, carers and staff think about the care they receive/provide on Virtual Wards. We also want to understand whether Virtual Wards provide an effective (does it work?), safe, efficient (is it a good use of resources?), and equitable (can it reduce/widen inequalities?) way of delivering care to patients. 
The study has been developed with input from the following groups of people:
1. Health care commissioners in GM,
2. Staff involved in planning and providing virtual wards,
3. Patient and community representatives.

The study is made up of three parts:
1. Understanding how virtual wards are being implemented and delivered in GM
2. Understanding patient, carer, and staff experiences of receiving and providing care on Virtual Wards in GM
3. Assessing clinical, cost and system outcomes of Virtual Wards in GM The evaluation contains both qualitative interviews and the analyses of data. The elements of the evaluation that rely on data in the Secure Data Environment concern questions 1) and 3). For 1) the study aims to understand how virtual wards are being set-up and delivered in GM. We will look at data on how many patients are involved in virtual wards and examine who uses and doesn’t use the service. For 3) we aim to understand whether virtual wards provide an effective, efficient, and equitable approach to delivering patient care. Virtual wards are meant to offer an alternative to in-patient hospital care, but what this means for the quality of care a patient receives or how this might change the flow through hospitals (e.g. activity on hospital wards) is unclear. Understanding these is key to understanding whether introducing a virtual ward provides value for money. We will observe health care service use prior and subsequent to a virtual ward referral and compare this to similar patients not using the virtual ward service – this will help us understand whether virtual wards result in greater readmissions, shorter stays in hospital, and adverse events. These findings will provide local commissioners with evidence to inform decision-making, helping make good use of health resources.
