_This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit._

# Exploring the early impacts of virtual wards in Greater Manchester, a comparative analyses

## Summary

Virtual wards are where patients are supported and monitored at home rather than in hospital. A patient might be offered the choice of a virtual ward rather than being admitted into hospital, or they might be discharged from hospital early onto a virtual ward. Virtual wards are being used across Greater Manchester (GM) for conditions such as respiratory infections and frailty. The National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Applied Research Collaboration Greater Manchester (ARC-GM) will be working with researchers from the NIHR Patient Safety Research Collaboration (PSRC) to evaluate the GM Virtual Ward programme. The evaluation aims to understand how Virtual Wards are being delivered across GM and find out what patients, carers and staff think about the care they receive/provide on Virtual Wards. We also want to understand whether Virtual Wards provide an effective (does it work?), safe, efficient (is it a good use of resources?), and equitable (can it reduce/widen inequalities?) way of delivering care to patients. 
The study has been developed with input from the following groups of people:
1. Health care commissioners in GM,
2. Staff involved in planning and providing virtual wards,
3. Patient and community representatives.

The study is made up of three parts:
1. Understanding how virtual wards are being implemented and delivered in GM
2. Understanding patient, carer, and staff experiences of receiving and providing care on Virtual Wards in GM
3. Assessing clinical, cost and system outcomes of Virtual Wards in GM The evaluation contains both qualitative interviews and the analyses of data. The elements of the evaluation that rely on data in the Secure Data Environment concern questions 1) and 3). For 1) the study aims to understand how virtual wards are being set-up and delivered in GM. We will look at data on how many patients are involved in virtual wards and examine who uses and doesn’t use the service. For 3) we aim to understand whether virtual wards provide an effective, efficient, and equitable approach to delivering patient care. Virtual wards are meant to offer an alternative to in-patient hospital care, but what this means for the quality of care a patient receives or how this might change the flow through hospitals (e.g. activity on hospital wards) is unclear. Understanding these is key to understanding whether introducing a virtual ward provides value for money. We will observe health care service use prior and subsequent to a virtual ward referral and compare this to similar patients not using the virtual ward service – this will help us understand whether virtual wards result in greater readmissions, shorter stays in hospital, and adverse events. These findings will provide local commissioners with evidence to inform decision-making, helping make good use of health resources.

## Table of contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Methodology](#methodology)
- [Reusable queries](#reusable-queries)
- [Clinical code sets](#clinical-code-sets)

## Introduction

The aim of this document is to provide full transparency for all parts of the data extraction process.
This includes:

- The methodology around how the data extraction process is managed and quality is maintained.
- A full list of all queries used in the extraction, and their associated objectives and assumptions.
- A full list of all clinical codes used for the extraction.

## Methodology

After each proposal is approved, a Research Data Engineer (RDE) works closely with the research team to establish precisely what data they require and in what format.
The RDE has access to the entire de-identified database and so builds up an expertise as to which projects are feasible and how best to extract the relevant data.
The RDE has access to a library of resusable SQL queries for common tasks, and sets of clinical codes for different phenotypes, built up from previous studies.
Prior to data extraction, the code is checked and signed off by another RDE.

## Reusable queries
  
This project did not require any reusable queries from the local library [https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable queries for data extraction](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/shared/Reusable%20queries%20for%20data%20extraction).## Clinical code sets

This project did not require any clinical code sets.
# Clinical code sets

All code sets required for this analysis are available here: [https://github.com/rw251/.../SDE Lighthouse 14 - Whittaker/clinical-code-sets.csv](https://github.com/rw251/gm-idcr/tree/master/projects/SDE%20Lighthouse%2014%20-%20Whittaker/clinical-code-sets.csv). Individual lists for each concept can also be found by using the links above.