d7g..	Viloxazine hydrochloride
daA..	Reboxetine
daA1.	Reboxetine 4mg tablet
daA2.	Edronax 4mg tablet
x03nk	Edronax
dw2t.	ATOMOXETINE 100mg capsules
dw2t.	ATOMOXETINE 100mg capsules
dw2u.	ATOMOXETINE 80mg capsules
dw2u.	ATOMOXETINE 80mg capsules
dw2v.	Atomoxetine 60mg capsule
dw2v.	Atomoxetine 60mg capsule
dw2w.	Atomoxetine 40mg capsule
dw2w.	Atomoxetine 40mg capsule
dw2x.	Atomoxetine 25mg capsule
dw2x.	Atomoxetine 25mg capsule
dw2y.	Atomoxetine 18mg capsule
dw2y.	Atomoxetine 18mg capsule
dw2z.	Atomoxetine 10mg capsule
dw2z.	Atomoxetine 10mg capsule
d7gz.	Viloxazine 50mg tablet
d7g1.	Vivalan 50mg tablet
x01B3	Viloxazine
x02uS	Vivalan
dw2..	Atomoxetine	
dw21.	Strattera 10mg capsule	
dw22.	Strattera 18mg capsule	
dw23.	Strattera 25mg capsule	
dw24.	Strattera 40mg capsule	
dw25.	Strattera 60mg capsule
dw2s.	ATOMOXETINE 4mg/mL oral solution
dw28.	STRATTERA 4mg/mL oral solution
dw27.	STRATTERA 100mg capsules
dw26.	STRATTERA 80mg capsules
x05ti	Strattera