ftq..00	DULAGLUTIDE
ftq8.00	DULAGLUTIDE 1.5mg/0.5mL soln for injection prefilled syringe
ftq6.00	DULAGLUTIDE 750micrograms/0.5mL solution for injection pfs
ftq4.00	DULAGLUTIDE 1.5mg/0.5mL soln for injection prefilled pen
ftq2.00	DULAGLUTIDE 750micrograms/0.5mL soln for injection p/f pen
ftq7.00	TRULICITY 1.5mg/0.5mL soln for injection prefilled syringe
ftq5.00	TRULICITY 750micrograms/0.5mL soln for inj prefilled syringe
ftq3.00	TRULICITY 1.5mg/0.5mL solution for injection prefilled pen
ftq1.00	TRULICITY 750micrograms/0.5mL soln for injection p/f pen
ftj..00	LIXISENATIDE
ftj6.00	LIXISENATIDE 10mcg/0.2mL+20mcg/0.2mL soln for inj pens 3mL
ftj4.00	LIXISENATIDE 20micrograms/0.2mL soln for injection pen 3mL
ftj2.00	LIXISENATIDE 10micrograms/0.2mL soln for injection pen 3mL
ftj5.00	LYXUMIA 10mcg/0.2mL+20mcg/0.2mL soln inj prefilled pens 3mL
ftj3.00	LYXUMIA 20micrograms/0.2mL soln for inj prefilled pen 3mL
ftj1.00	LYXUMIA 10micrograms/0.2mL soln for inj prefilled pen 3mL
ftc..00	LIRAGLUTIDE
ftc2.00	LIRAGLUTIDE 6mg/mL solution for injection prefilled pen
ftc1.00	VICTOZA 6mg/mL solution for injection prefilled pen 3mL
ft9..00	EXENATIDE
ft9z.00	EXENATIDE 5micrograms/0.02mL injection prefilled pen
ft9y.00	EXENATIDE 10micrograms/0.04mL injection prefilled pen
ft9x.00	EXENATIDE 2mg powder+solvent for suspension for injection
ft95.00	EXENATIDE 2mg powder+solvent for susp for inj prefilled pen
ft94.00	BYDUREON 2mg powder+solvent for susp for inj prefilled pen
ft93.00	BYDUREON 2mg powder and solvent for suspension for injection
ft92.00	BYETTA 10micrograms/0.04mL injection prefilled pen
ft91.00	BYETTA 5micrograms/0.02mL injection prefilled pen
f2C..00	INSULIN DEGLUDEC + LIRAGLUTIDE
f2C2.00	INSULIN DEGLUDEC+LIRAGLUTIDE 100iu/mL/3.6mg/mL soln inj pen
f2C1.00	XULTOPHY 100iu/mL/3.6mg/mL soln for inj prefilled pen 3mL
7L19J00	Subcutaneous injection of exenatide