ftq..	DULAGLUTIDE
ftq7.	TRULICITY 1.5mg/0.5mL soln for injection prefilled syringe
ftq5.	TRULICITY 750micrograms/0.5mL soln for inj prefilled syringe
ftq3.	TRULICITY 1.5mg/0.5mL solution for injection prefilled pen
ftq1.	TRULICITY 750micrograms/0.5mL soln for injection p/f pen
ftq8.	DULAGLUTIDE 1.5mg/0.5mL soln for injection prefilled syringe
ftq6.	DULAGLUTIDE 750micrograms/0.5mL solution for injection pfs
ftq4.	DULAGLUTIDE 1.5mg/0.5mL soln for injection prefilled pen
ftq2.	DULAGLUTIDE 750micrograms/0.5mL soln for injection p/f pen
ftj..	LIXISENATIDE
ftj5.	LYXUMIA 10mcg/0.2mL+20mcg/0.2mL soln inj prefilled pens 3mL
ftj3.	LYXUMIA 20micrograms/0.2mL soln for inj prefilled pen 3mL
ftj1.	LYXUMIA 10micrograms/0.2mL soln for inj prefilled pen 3mL
ftj6.	LIXISENATIDE 10mcg/0.2mL+20mcg/0.2mL soln for inj pens 3mL
ftj4.	LIXISENATIDE 20micrograms/0.2mL soln for injection pen 3mL
ftj2.	LIXISENATIDE 10micrograms/0.2mL soln for injection pen 3mL
ftc..	LIRAGLUTIDE
ftc1.	VICTOZA 6mg/mL solution for injection prefilled pen 3mL
ftc2.	LIRAGLUTIDE 6mg/mL solution for injection prefilled pen
ft9..	EXENATIDE
ft94.	BYDUREON 2mg powder+solvent for susp for inj prefilled pen
ft93.	BYDUREON 2mg powder and solvent for suspension for injection
ft9z.	EXENATIDE 5micrograms/0.02mL injection prefilled pen
ft91.	BYETTA 5micrograms/0.02mL injection prefilled pen
ft9y.	EXENATIDE 10micrograms/0.04mL injection prefilled pen
ft92.	BYETTA 10micrograms/0.04mL injection prefilled pen
ft9x.	EXENATIDE 2mg powder+solvent for suspension for injection
ft95.	EXENATIDE 2mg powder+solvent for susp for inj prefilled pen
f2C..	INSULIN DEGLUDEC + LIRAGLUTIDE
f2C1.	XULTOPHY 100iu/mL/3.6mg/mL soln for inj prefilled pen 3mL
f2C2.	INSULIN DEGLUDEC+LIRAGLUTIDE 100iu/mL/3.6mg/mL soln inj pen
XaREp	Subcutaneous injection of exenatide