d4d..00	PROCHLORPERAZINE [antipsych] [see dhe..]
dhe..00	PROCHLORPERAZINE [NAUSEA]
dhez.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 15mg m/r capsules
dhey.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 10mg m/r capsules
dhex.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 25mg suppositories
dhew.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 5mg suppositories
dhev.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 25mg/2mL injection
dheu.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 12.5mg/1mL injection
dhet.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 5mg/5mL syrup
dhes.00	*PROCHLORPERAZINE 25mg tablets
dher.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 5mg tablets
dhed.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 3mg bucc.tabs
dhec.00	PROCHLORPERAZINE 5mg/sachet granules
dheb.00	STEMETIL EFF 5mg/sachet granules
dhea.00	BUCCASTEM 3mg buccal tablets
dheB.00	BUCCASTEM M 3mg buccal tablets
dheA.00	*PROZIERE 5mg tablets
dhe9.00	*VERTIGON 15mg m/r capsules
dhe8.00	*VERTIGON 10mg m/r capsules
dhe7.00	*STEMETIL 25mg suppositories
dhe6.00	*STEMETIL 5mg suppositories
dhe5.00	*STEMETIL 25mg/2mL injection
dhe4.00	STEMETIL 12.5mg/1mL injection
dhe3.00	STEMETIL 5mg/5mL syrup
dhe2.00	*STEMETIL 25mg tablets
dhe1.00	STEMETIL 5mg tablets
dhg2.00	VERTIGON 25mg tablets